# Amazon Custom

Section: Seller Flex
Original URL: https://sellercentral.amazon.in/help/hub/reference/GYL4AV26PB7LUEVC

Custom is a feature set that allows you to offer customizable and make-on-
demand products to customers. With Custom, you collect configuration or
customization requirements from the customer in order to finish the product
before shipping.

**[Register here](/gestalt/manageregistration/index.html)**

## Customization options

This feature set supports four customization types, which are listed below.
All customization types can be used with one another.

**Note:** Customers will not be able to add a Custom ASIN to their cart
without adding one customization. However, all customization types can be used
on one product.

  * **[Text customization](/gp/help/202124230):** Enables customers to add text to your products using color and font options you have specified within Seller Central. Each product surface supports up to 10 text customizations with the ability to specify fonts, font colors, limit the numbers of characters, restrict character types including letters and numbers, capital letters, and emojis, and define multiple lines of text. Text customizations can be used for engraving, embroidery, and more.
  * **[Product configuration or Options drop-down](/gp/help/202124210):** Enables you to create a series of dropdown options that customers can use to build their own product. Each surface allows you to specify up to 100 options of customizations. This feature also enables you to charge an additional fee for selected customization options, upload thumbnail images that help customers visualize their choices.
  * **[Image customization](/gp/help/202124170):** Enables customers to customize your product by uploading their own image. Customers can also add text to display on their own images. Each product surface supports up to 10 image customizations with the ability to permit customers to upload one or more image files to any location of the product.
  * **[Data Input or Notes customization](/gp/help/GY6WG929DX7FDKRF)** Data input or notes customizations are text fields that provide buyers the ability to enter notes or other text that does not affect the preview. This customization type is best used for custom sizing or for notes from the Customer.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/Add_Cust.png)  

## Registration criteria

  * You must be on a Professional selling plan. For more information, click [here](https://services.amazon.com/selling/benefits.htm?ref=ac_help).
  * All orders must be fulfilled by you. The program is not available for products that are fulfilled by Amazon.
  * All Custom Products must be sold in new condition. Used listings are not permitted. For more information, see the [Condition guidelines](/gp/help/G200339950).
  * Your listings must have compliant product images. For more information, see [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881).
  * To enable customization, you must be the only seller offering the product. If other sellers have existing offers on the same product on Amazon, you must create your own unique listing to represent your customization capabilities.
  * You are able to comply with our return policies. For details, review the [Custom products returns policies](/gp/help/G37HSKLMSZXZNWGS).

**Important:** By enabling this featureparticipating in Custom Products, you
agree to the [Customization Program Terms for sellers](/gp/help/201823150).

## Frequently Asked Questions

#### As a Custom seller, what are the policies I need to comply with?

Customizable product listings are features added to a standard product. Custom
products should be compliant with standard [Amazon product listing
guidelines](/gp/help/G200421970) as well as [Customization Program
Terms](/gp/help/201823150).

#### What fees are associated with Custom Products?

Our current set of Custom features are free. However, as new featured for
Custom are released, charges may apply to the use of those features.
Professional selling plan monthly subscription fees and referral fees will
still apply while using Custom. For more information on fees, go to [Selling
on Amazon Fee Schedule](/gp/help/200336920).

#### How long does it take for the feature to be applied to my account?

After you register, it can take up to 24 hours for your account to be enabled
with Custom.

####  Can I qualify for Amazon Prime?

Since Custom is applicable to only seller-fulfilled orders, you might qualify
for Seller Fulfilled Prime if you are able to ship custom orders within 24
hours. Learn more about [Seller Fulfilled Prime](/seller-fulfilled-
prime/register/welcome).

####  Do you support bulk uploads?

Yes, bulk uploads are supported for single surface ASINs using text
customizations. For more information on setting up a bulk feed upload, see
[Listing a Customizable Product using Custom Products](/gp/help/201822780).

####  Can I list in any category?

Product Customization is supported for almost every Amazon category. You can
enable a customizable product listing in categories where you are authorized
to sell. The exceptions are some Media categories.

####  How will customers discover my products?

Custom Products are treated just like other product listings, so discovery is
no different. However, Custom has its own storefront, so your items will be
visible in both the listing category and the [Custom
Storefront](https://www.amazon.com/b?node=11032013011). To increase exposure
for new customized products, optimize your
[keywords](/gp/help/GF2C2L6RCFZGWBXC) and consider participating in [Sponsored
Products](https://services.amazon.com/services/sponsored-products-
overview.html?ref=ac_help_faq).

#### Can I make one ASIN that is both standard and custom?

Yes, you must create two different ASINs. One standard ASIN and one custom
ASIN. You can then create a parent-child relationship in which one of the
children is customizable and the other child is not. To learn more about
creating variations, go to [Add a variation using Variation
Wizard](/gp/help/G202034620).

**Important:** To enable customizations on existing products you must be the
only active offer on the product.

**Note:** When creating parent-child relationships existing reviews on current
products will not be lost.

#### How do I disable customization for a line item?

  

  1. Go to **Manage Inventory**. 
  2. Select **Edit,** and then **Add/Edit Customization Information**.
  3. Select the "Remove customization" link in the footer. 

If you would like to remove the entire feature set of Custom, contact [Selling
Partner Support](/cu/contact-us).

#### How do I sell items in bulk?

We currently do not support quantity based pricing at an ASIN level. However,
you can use our Product configurations or Options feature to include dynamic
pricing to offer bulk items for an additional fee. Alternately, you can create
a variation with a theme of quantity.

#### How do I know if another seller has an inactive offer on one of my ASINs?

When you attempt to enable customization, you will receive an error "There are
multiple offers on this ASIN." If you receive this error, create a new ASIN
before enabling customization.

#### Does Custom work with B2B?

Custom sellers can use Business Pricing with Custom features, as long as
Business sellers list an item with a Standard Price and Business Price, they
can offer Text, Image or Product Configurations. The only exception is, if
there is an additional fee for an option in Product Configurations the
Business Buyer will not be charged the additional fee.

####  What is the Custom return policy?

Customized products are not eligible for returns.

#### Are there any products that I cannot sell through the custom program
currently?

Yes. We do not allow sale of personal computers, laptops, computer towers,
video game consoles, or tablets through the Custom program. This includes the
refurbishing of the aforementioned base products. Further, sale of any product
that requires customerâ€™s financial information such as bank account number,
routing number, is not allowed through the custom program.

  * [Amazon Custom](/gp/help/201757520)
  * [Amazon Custom listing guide](/gp/help/202004770)
  * [Amazon Custom: Product option configurations](/gp/help/202124210)
  * [Amazon Custom: Product personalization](/gp/help/G202124170)
  * [Fulfill Amazon Custom orders](/gp/help/G201822830)

