---
title: 2022 New Seller Incentives
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFAKX5SD6RJG4FRS
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** This page applies only to sellers who listed their first buyable
ASIN between January 1, 2022, and February 28, 2023. If you listed your first
buyable ASIN between March 1, 2023, and February 29, 2024, go to the [2023
program benefits page](/gp/help/GSNMUBZHUNDS9LY3).

Through New Seller Incentives, new sellers on Amazon’s Professional selling
plan can qualify for a suite of benefits designed to help them launch and grow
on Amazon.

For new sellers who are identified as brand owners with [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/), benefits include the following:

  * A 5% bonus on up to $1 million in eligible branded sales (up to $50,000 in bonus value) or for one year after eligibility is determined, whichever comes first.
  * $200 in credits for [Amazon Vine](/gp/help/G92T8UV339NZ98TN). Vine invites the most trusted reviewers in the Amazon store to post opinions about new products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Participating sellers can provide free units of their products to these reviewers.
  * $100 in credits for [Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency). Transparency helps you proactively protect your brand, including helping you engage with customers, improve customer experience, and identify supply chain defects.

For new sellers who use [Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA)](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon), benefits include the
following:

  * $100 in credits in inventory shipping fees for using the [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/G201119120) or $200 in credits in fulfillment fees for using [Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/G202187670). 
  * Automatic enrollment in [FBA New Selection](/gp/help/external/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ), providing free monthly storage, liquidations, and return processing for your eligible new-to-FBA ASINs.
  * $200 ($50 effective September 12, 2022) in promotional clicks for using [Sponsored Products](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/sponsored-products?ref_=a20m_us_hnav_p_sp). Help customers find your products by quickly creating ads that appear in related search results and product pages. [Additional terms and conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-ads-new-seller-incentives-promotion-2022) may apply for Sponsored products.

For new sellers who use [Amazon Coupons](/gp/help/G202189350), benefits
include the following:

  * $50 in coupon credits. Coupons help you create compelling promotions for your customers in the Amazon store. 

To learn more about the program, go to [New Seller Incentives Terms and
Conditions](/gp/help/GQV2XTTQ5RH7D55J).

## Seller eligibility

New sellers on the [Professional selling
plan](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing?ref_=sdus_soa_sell_pricing_plans#selling-
plans) who launch their first buyable ASIN in the US on January 1, 2022, or
later and take specific actions as described below are eligible to receive New
Seller Incentives benefits.

**Eligibility for new brand owner benefits**

  * To receive the 5% bonus on branded sales, credits for Vine, and credits for Transparency, you must complete [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com) and be identified as a brand owner no later than six months after listing your first buyable ASIN. 
  * In addition, for Transparency and Vine credits, you must also enroll in the [Vine](/gp/help/external/help.html?itemID=STY2Q2TD5E84RXJ&language=en_US&ref=efph_STY2Q2TD5E84RXJ_relt_92T8UV339NZ98TN) and [Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency/contactus) programs to receive credits for these programs. Transparency is only available to sellers who enroll in Amazon Brand Registry with a registered trademark. 

**Eligibility for new Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) seller benefits**

  * To receive the inventory shipping discount and Sponsored Products credits, and to be eligible for automatic enrollment in [FBA New Selection](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ), you must send inventory to an Amazon fulfillment center within 12 months of listing your first buyable ASIN.
  * To be eligible for Sponsored Products credits, you must send your first FBA ASIN to a fulfillment center within 60 days of listing your first buyable ASIN and launch a campaign with no end date for an FBA ASIN within 30 days of sending your first FBA ASIN to a fulfillment center. 

Sellers who list their first buyable ASIN on or after January 1, 2022, and
before September 12, 2022, are eligible to receive up to $200 in promotional
click credits. Sellers in France, Italy, Spain, and Turkey, based on the
country of residence entered for their account, are not eligible for
promotional click credits through this program. For more information about
eligibility, go to the [promotional clicks terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-
ads-new-seller-incentives-promotion).

Sellers who list their first buyable ASIN on or after September 12, 2022, and
before March 1, 2023, are eligible to receive up to $50 in promotional click
credits. Sellers in France, Italy, Spain, and Turkey, based on the country of
residence entered for their account, are not eligible for promotional click
credits through this program. For more information about eligibility, go to
the [promotional clicks terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-
ads-new-seller-incentives-promotion-2022).

**Eligibility for Amazon Coupons benefits**

  * To receive up to $50 in credits for Amazon Coupons, you must create a coupon within 12 months of listing your first ASIN.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What sales qualify for the 5% bonus for brand owners?

For sales to be eligible for the 5% bonus, you must be identified by Amazon as
the brand owner for the sales in question. The bonus on branded sales will be
awarded for one year after eligibility is determined, or on up to $1 million
in eligible branded sales ($50,000 in bonus value), whichever comes first.

#### How do I enroll in Brand Registry?

Go to [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/) to learn more
about the trademarking requirements for the program. Another recommended
resource the [Amazon IP
Accelerator](https://brandservices.amazon.com/ipaccelerator), which provides
support to sellers who are pursuing trademarking.

#### How can I view my brands that are eligible for the 5% bonus for brand
owners?

To view the brands for which you are the brand owner, go to [Brand benefit
eligibility](/ap/signin?clientContext=133-4052452-5077640&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com%2Fbrands%2Fbrand-
relationships%3Fref%3Dbrnd_vine_bssi_help&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_na_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&mons_redirect=sign_in&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.4DjCknSlN9gliV4A8QzX3Rjv8AZ3rNiNvDrhMqHPmcqrFn3IaF8RkA.lQi-
pJdMI1JTofj3.fkK70hcxWYvNKeyazNIPCndY4OKlWZr83UedWCUamiYJ5iGweUtdHTU824L-0T_sVhTpLRbFNHZNQBajrLZbstfqvVs_nI7cPi_c7hI4RVBTMaCxUytJX1IAV5l6TG1OmZ9b4NTU1iE1lzhzR9J1vLaBNG0885O64WdwMhdEoWco3U6swHV6J4JpBsfAzhvobKyHfEPBs47rP3SbTLOk11dtOBn1UJfc_nlYG5ZT2VXUZBXowcTrj787nRnNV6FcwOGntYVeGgn8kgaqV8nnpL5eeH-5f3uQeQIJ.FWgUGCdHUT45v59GlCDSjA).
If you are missing the brand-owner designation, contact Selling Partner
Support.

#### If I sell more than one brand via my seller account, can I receive the 5%
bonus on multiple brands?

Yes, you can earn the 5% bonus on multiple brands as long as you have been
identified as the brand owner on the brands in question, sold via your seller
account. The bonus on branded sales will be awarded for one year after
eligibility is determined, or on up to $1 million in eligible branded sales
($50,000 in bonus value), whichever comes first.

#### How will Amazon pay me the 5% bonus for brand owners?

Each month, you will receive a bonus amount equivalent to 5% of eligible
branded sales shipped the month before. The amount will be applied as a credit
to the referral fees on next month’s referral fees at the order level.

When payments cover the entire referral fee on a given order, the bonus will
be applied in the background, and the referral fee section will not be shown
as a separate line item in the transaction.

Additionally, you can track the total bonus accumulated to date via the [New
Seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-incentives/dashboard). Your earned
bonus expires 24 months after you graduate from the program. You graduate the
program either by reaching the earnings cap or by completing the one-year
eligibility period.

**Note:** If the dashboard does not indicate any bonus amounts, it either
means you did not complete the necessary eligibility steps or do not meet the
eligibility criteria for the 5% bonus.

#### I am a new reseller. Can I receive the 5% bonus on branded sales, Vine
credits, and Transparency credits?

No. These benefits are available only to brand owners who are enrolled in
Brand Registry and identified by Amazon as a brand owner.

#### I am a new seller and I haven’t completed Brand Registry. Can I receive
the 5% bonus on branded sales, Vine credits, and Transparency credits?

No. To receive the benefits exclusive to brand owners, you must enroll in
[Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com) and be identified by
Amazon as a brand owner no later than six months after listing your first
buyable ASIN and meeting all eligibility requirements.

#### I am an existing Amazon seller who wants to launch in another region. Am
I eligible for New Seller Incentives?

Yes. New Seller Incentives is available to the following sellers:

  * Sellers who launch in the US
  * Sellers who launch in the following European stores: UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain; and who are not yet selling in any one of those stores
  * Sellers who launch in Japan

For example, a current US seller who launches in Japan will be eligible for
New Seller Incentives in Japan if all other eligibility requirements are met.
Sellers who launch in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain will be
eligible for New Seller Incentives only once for the region.

#### I am an existing Amazon seller already selling in the UK, Germany,
France, Italy, or Spain. I want to expand to other stores in the region. Am I
eligible for New Seller Incentives benefits in this case?

No. If you launched your first buyable ASIN in the UK, Germany, France, Italy,
or Spain before January 1, 2022, you won’t be eligible for New Seller
Incentives benefits in any of other stores in the region.

#### I am a new seller on the Individual selling plan. Am I eligible for New
Seller Incentives benefits?

No. New Seller Incentives are available only for sellers on the Professional
selling plan. For more information about Amazon’s selling plans, go to our
[pricing page](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing).

#### How do I redeem my Vine credits?

After enrolling in Vine, eligible sellers will receive $200 in credits. These
credits will be applied to your first $200 in fees charged for enrolling ASINs
in Vine. The credits expire after one year if unused.

After completing the eligibility steps of enrolling into brand registry, and
listing your first buyable offer, wait for at least 5 business days before you
enroll into Vine. If you enroll on Vine sooner than that the credits will not
apply.

#### How do I redeem my Transparency credits?

After enrolling in Transparency, you will receive $100 in credits. These
credits will be applied to the first $100 in fees charged for enrolling ASINs
in the program. Fees are charged at the unit level. The credits expire after
one year if unused.

#### How do I redeem my inventory shipping credits?

If you send shipments to fulfillment centers using the Amazon Partnered
Carrier program, you’ll receive $100 in credits to waive inventory shipping
fee. If you send shipments to fulfillment centers using Amazon Global
Logistics, you will receive $200 in credits to waive fulfillment fees. Both of
these credits will be applied to future fees after sending in the first
shipment and will expire after one year if unused.

#### How do I redeem my Sponsored Products promotional clicks?

If you listed your first buyable ASIN on or after January 1, 2022, and before
September 12, 2022, and you’re new to FBA, we’ll provide up to $200 in
Sponsored Products promotional click credits. For more information about
eligibility, go to the [promotional clicks terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-
ads-new-seller-incentives-promotion).

If you listed your first buyable ASIN on or after September 12, 2022, and
before March 1, 2023, and you’re new to FBA, we’ll provide up to $50 in
Sponsored Products promotional click credits. For more information about
eligibility, go to the [promotional clicks terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-
ads-new-seller-incentives-promotion-2022).

Credits are provided after you send your first FBA ASIN to a fulfillment
center within 60 days of listing your first buyable offer and launch a
Sponsored Products campaign with no end date within 30 days of sending your
first FBA ASIN to a fulfillment center. Any unused promotional click credits
will expire 30 days after they’ve been applied. You will see the promotional
click credits via Campaign Manager. It can take up to two weeks for the
credits to be applied after you complete the required eligibility steps.

#### How do I redeem my Amazon Coupons credits?

After signing up for Amazon Coupons, eligible sellers will receive $50 in
credits. These credits will be applied to your first $50 in fees charged
creating coupons (expires after one year if unused).

