---
title: 2023 New Seller Incentives
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSNMUBZHUNDS9LY3
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** This page and policy applies only to sellers who list their first
buyable ASIN on or after March 1, 2023. If you listed your first buyable ASIN
between January 1, 2022, and February 28, 2023, go to [2022 New Seller
Incentives](/gp/help/GFAKX5SD6RJG4FRS).

## Program overview

Through New Seller Incentives, new sellers on Amazon’s Professional selling
plan can qualify for a suite of benefits designed to help them launch and grow
on Amazon.

For new sellers who are identified as brand owners with [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/), benefits include the following:

  * A 5% bonus on up to $1 million in eligible branded sales (up to $50,000 in bonus value) or for one year after eligibility is determined, whichever comes first.
  * $200 in credits for [Amazon Vine](/gp/help/G92T8UV339NZ98TN). Vine invites the most trusted reviewers in the Amazon store to post opinions about new products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Participating sellers can provide free units of their products to these reviewers.

For new sellers who use [Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA)](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon), benefits include the
following:

  * $100 in credits in inventory shipping fees for using the [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/G201119120) or $200 in credits in fulfillment fees for using [Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/G202187670). 
  * Automatic enrollment in [FBA New Selection](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ), which provides free monthly storage, liquidations, and return processing for your eligible new-to-FBA ASINs.

For new sellers who use [Sponsored
Products](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/sponsored-
products?ref_=a20m_us_hnav_p_sp), benefits include the following:

  * $50 in promotional clicks for using Sponsored Products. Help customers find your products by quickly creating ads that appear in related search results and product pages. [Additional terms and conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/sponsored-products-new-seller-incentives-promotion-2023) may apply for Sponsored Products.

For new sellers who use [Amazon coupons](/gp/help/G202189350), benefits
include the following:

  * $50 in coupon credits. Coupons help you create compelling promotions for your customers in the Amazon store. 

To learn more about the Intro to New Seller Incentives, watch this Seller
University video:

For more information, check the PDF [Intro to New Seller Incentives
eligibility guide
(PDF)](/learn/courses?ref_=su_course_accordion&moduleId=e94503d0-f014-4a50-a861-aacb58b981d1&courseId=0366307b-7a21-413a-b731-02bccfce8fa2&modLanguage=English).

To learn more about the program, go to [New Seller Incentives Terms and
Conditions](/gp/help/GQV2XTTQ5RH7D55J).

## Seller eligibility

New sellers on the [Professional selling
plan](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing?ref_=sdus_soa_sell_pricing_plans#selling-
plans) whose first buyable ASIN was listed in the US on or after January 1,
2022, and who take specific actions as described below are eligible to receive
New Seller Incentives benefits.

This page applies only to sellers who list their first buyable ASIN on or
after March 1, 2023. If you listed your first buyable ASIN between January 1,
2022, and February 28, 2023, go to [2022 New Seller
Incentives](/gp/help/GFAKX5SD6RJG4FRS).

**Eligibility for new brand-owner benefits**

We define brand-owner benefits as the 5% bonus on branded sales and credits
for Vine. To become eligible for brand-owner benefits, you must complete
Amazon Brand Registry and be identified as brand owner no later than six
months after you list your first buyable ASIN, and you must be the first
seller to complete brand registry for the given brand. For more information,
go to [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/). Another
recommended resource is the [Amazon IP
Accelerator](https://brandservices.amazon.com/ipaccelerator), which provides
support to sellers who are pursuing trademarking.

  * You're eligible to earn the 5% bonus on multiple brands, as long as you have been identified as the first brand owner to complete brand registry for the brands in question, sold via your seller account. Only sales that are associated with brands for which you’re the first to complete brand registry are eligible to earn the 5% bonus.
    * To view the brands for which you’re the brand owner, go to [Brand benefit eligibility](/ap/signin?clientContext=133-4052452-5077640&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fsellercentral.amazon.com%2Fbrands%2Fbrand-relationships%3Fref%3Dbrnd_vine_bssi_help&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.assoc_handle=sc_na_amazon_v2&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&mons_redirect=sign_in&ssoResponse=eyJ6aXAiOiJERUYiLCJlbmMiOiJBMjU2R0NNIiwiYWxnIjoiQTI1NktXIn0.4DjCknSlN9gliV4A8QzX3Rjv8AZ3rNiNvDrhMqHPmcqrFn3IaF8RkA.lQi-pJdMI1JTofj3.fkK70hcxWYvNKeyazNIPCndY4OKlWZr83UedWCUamiYJ5iGweUtdHTU824L-0T_sVhTpLRbFNHZNQBajrLZbstfqvVs_nI7cPi_c7hI4RVBTMaCxUytJX1IAV5l6TG1OmZ9b4NTU1iE1lzhzR9J1vLaBNG0885O64WdwMhdEoWco3U6swHV6J4JpBsfAzhvobKyHfEPBs47rP3SbTLOk11dtOBn1UJfc_nlYG5ZT2VXUZBXowcTrj787nRnNV6FcwOGntYVeGgn8kgaqV8nnpL5eeH-5f3uQeQIJ.FWgUGCdHUT45v59GlCDSjA). If you’re missing the brand-owner designation, contact Selling Partner Support. 
    * To track which ASINs are eligible to earn the bonus and to track the total bonus that you’ve accumulated to date, go to the [New Seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-incentives/dashboard). 
  * In addition, to become eligible for Vine credits, you must also [enroll in Vine](/gp/help/GSTY2Q2TD5E84RXJ) within 90 days of becoming eligible for brand benefits (the latter of when you completed Brand Registry enrollment and listed your first ASIN). The Vine credits will start applying to ASINs that are enrolled five days or more after you become eligible for brand benefits. The credits expire after one year if unused.

**Eligibility for new FBA seller benefits**

To receive the inventory shipping discount or fulfillment fee discount, and to
be eligible for automatic enrollment in [FBA New
Selection](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ), you must create your first FBA shipment
within 90 days of listing your first buyable ASIN.

**Eligibility for Sponsored Products benefits**

To be eligible for Sponsored Products credits, you must launch a campaign
within 90 days of listing your first buyable ASIN.

**Eligibility for Amazon coupons benefits**

To receive the credits for Amazon coupons, you must create a coupon within 90
days of listing your first buyable ASIN.

## Benefit disbursement

**Brand owners’ 5% bonus:** Each month, you’ll earn a bonus amount equivalent
to 5% of eligible branded sales shipped the month before. The amount will be
applied as a credit to the referral fees on next month’s referral fees at the
order level.

When payments cover the entire referral fee on a given order, the bonus will
be applied in the background, and the referral fee section will not be shown
as a separate line item in the transaction. You can track the total bonus
accumulated to date on the [New Seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-
incentives/dashboard). Your earned bonus expires 24 months after you graduate
from the program. You graduate the program either by reaching the earnings cap
or by completing the one-year eligibility period.

**Vine credits:** If you complete the eligibility steps of becoming a brand
owner and listing your first buyable ASIN, you'll get a waiver on the first
$200 charged for enrolling ASINs into Vine. The credits will start applying to
ASINs that are enrolled in Vine five days or more after you become eligible
for the benefits. Credits expire after one year if unused.

**Inventory shipping and fulfillment fee credits:** You can get either credits
for inventory shipping fees or fulfillment fees, depending on whether you
create your first shipment with the Amazon Partnered Carrier program or Amazon
Global Logistics.

  * If you create your first shipment using a partnered carrier, you’ll get $100 in credits to waive future inventory shipping fees. Credits will be provided after the shipment is received at the fulfillment center and will be used to waive future fees.
  * If you create your first shipment using Amazon Global Logistics, you’ll get $200 in credits to waive future fulfillment fees. Credits will be provided after the shipment is received at the fulfillment center and will be used to waive future fees.

To be eligible for either benefit, you must create your first shipment within
90 days of listing your first buyable ASIN.

**Note:** It can take at least 10 days for the credits to be applied to your
account before they can be used to waive future fees. You can check your
credits on the [New seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-
incentives/dashboard). Credits expire after one year if unused.

**Sponsored Products promotional clicks:** Credits are provided if you launch
a Sponsored Products campaign within 90 days of listing your first buyable
ASIN. Any unused promotional click credits will expire 30 days after they’ve
been applied to your account. You’ll see the promotional click credits via the
Campaign Manager. It can take up to two weeks for the credits to be applied
after you complete the required eligibility steps.

**Amazon coupons credits:** To get credits for coupons, you must sign up for
[Amazon Coupons](/gp/help/G202189350) within 90 days of listing your first
buyable ASIN. These credits will be applied to your first $50 in fees charged
for creating coupons. The credits expire after one year if unused.

## Frequently asked questions

#### I’m an existing Amazon seller who wants to launch in another region. Am I
eligible for New Seller Incentives?

Yes. The New Seller Incentives program is available to the following:

  * Sellers who launch in the US 
  * Sellers who launch in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain, and who are not yet selling in any one of those stores 
  * Sellers who launch in Japan

For example, a current US seller who launches in Japan will be eligible for
New Seller Incentives in Japan if all other eligibility requirements are met.
Sellers who launch in the UK, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain will be
eligible for New Seller Incentives only once for the region.

#### I’m an existing Amazon seller already selling in the UK, Germany, France,
Italy, or Spain. I want to expand to other stores in the region. Am I eligible
for New Seller Incentives benefits?

No. If you launched your first buyable ASIN in the UK, Germany, France, Italy,
or Spain before January 1, 2022, you won’t be eligible for New Seller
Incentives benefits in any of other stores in the region. This page applies
only to sellers who list their first buyable ASIN on or after March 1, 2023.
If you listed your first buyable ASIN between January 1, 2022, and February
28, 2023, go to [2022 New Seller Incentives](/gp/help/GFAKX5SD6RJG4FRS).

#### I’m a new seller on the Individual selling plan. Am I eligible for New
Seller Incentives benefits?

No. New Seller Incentives are available only for sellers on the Professional
selling plan. For more information about Amazon’s selling plans, go to our
[pricing page](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing).

