---
title: 2024 Multi-Channel Fulfillment New Seller Incentives benefit
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G9CHG5J3ZDZQQX9T
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** This page and policy apply only to sellers who list their first
buyable ASIN on or after March 1, 2024. If you listed your first buyable ASIN
between March 1, 2023, and February 29, 2024, go to [2023 New Seller
Incentives](/help/hub/reference/GSNMUBZHUNDS9LY3).

## New Seller Incentives program overview

Through [New Seller Incentives](/gp/help/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU), new sellers on
Amazon’s [Professional selling
plan](https://sell.amazon.com/pricing?ref_=sdus_soa_sell_pricing_plans#selling-
plans) whose first buyable ASIN was listed in the US on or after March 1,
2024, can qualify to receive various benefits designed to help them launch and
grow their business on Amazon and other ecommerce channels.

## MCF New Seller Incentives benefit

Eligible new sellers receive 10% off the fulfillment fees on their first 100
units shipped with [Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/mcf) (MCF). The
discount can be applied to the fulfillment fees for MCF units (of any product
size tier and shipped with any MCF delivery speed) inclusive of [additional
MCF surcharges](/gp/help/G201112650), if any.

Full-price MCF fees will apply to units that are shipped after the first 100
eligible units are shipped or after one year of becoming eligible for New
Seller Incentives benefits, whichever comes first.

**Note:** The MCF New Seller Incentives benefit goes into effect on May 1,
2024. Eligible new sellers will not receive the 10% discount on any units that
ship before May 1, and those units will not count toward their 100-unit
benefit limit.

## Eligibility for MCF New Seller Incentives benefit

The program is available to all new Professional sellers who sell products in
the US during the 2024 benefit year, from March 1, 2024, to February 28, 2025.
To receive the 10% discount, you must send eligible products into the Amazon
fulfillment network within 90 days of listing your first buyable ASIN.

To check your eligibility status, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to the [New Seller Incentives dashboard](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/new-seller-incentives/dashboard). 
  2. Click **Program overview**.
  3. Navigate to the MCF tile, where an **Active** badge will be displayed in the top right corner.

## View MCF New Seller Incentives benefit usage

To check your benefit usage, follow these steps:

  1. Go to the [New Seller Incentives dashboard](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/new-seller-incentives/dashboard). 

  2. Click **Program overview**.

  3. Navigate to the MCF tile to see details on the number of shipped and remaining MCF units eligible for the discount.

## View MCF fee statements

The 10% discount will be applied automatically to eligible units at the time
that MCF fulfillment fees are charged.

To view your MCF fee statements and determine the discounts you’ve received,
follow these steps to generate a Custom Date Range report for the time period
when you placed your first 100 eligible MCF units:

  1. From the drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Payments** and then select **Reports repository**.

  2. Request a report for your desired time period. 

  3. Download the report. 

  4. In the downloaded file, filter column L to "Non-Amazon" to see only MCF fees.

