---
title: 2025 US referral and FBA fee changes summary
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201411300
section: General Documentation
---

As we reflect on 2024 and look ahead to 2025, we want to start by thanking you
for your partnership and the tremendous innovation and customer benefit that
we have delivered together. In addition to many innovations in the customer
shopping experience, we maintained lower fulfillment fees for all low-priced
products, lowered referral fees for low-priced apparel items, and invested
heavily in our supply chain services, including the regionalization of our
inbound fulfillment network, improved placement and forecasting, and more
efficient operations. As you leveraged these new capabilities and adapted your
operations, we saw better in-stock levels, more products placed closer to
customers, and the fastest Prime shipping speeds to date. Our partnership over
the last year was key to driving record-breaking sales for independent sellers
in Amazon's store, with even more sellers growing their sales year-over-year.

We also recognize these changes and new fee types introduced complexity,
requiring some of you to modify your operations, invest in different
packaging, and navigate additional business decisions. With this in mind, in
2025, we want to focus on simplicity and stability, minimizing your
operational burden and costs, while continuing to work together to delight
customers and drive growth for your business.

While inflation continues to impact our expenses and we made the [biggest ever
investment in pay and benefits for our fulfillment and transportation
employees](https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/workplace/amazon-wage-increase-
new-benefits-for-hourly-us-employees), we have also continued to make
significant progress in lowering our costs to serve by driving innovation,
improving efficiency, and removing defects.

**As a result, we will not increase US referral and FBA fees and will not
introduce any new fee types.** We will also lower some fees and provide
additional benefits to support new selection growth. Over the coming weeks and
into 2025, we will continue to invest in our fee-related product experiences
-- including improving your fee calculators and fee preview tools, enhancing
the FBA inbounding experience with features that estimate transportation costs
and recommend the most cost-effective shipping options to Amazon, and more, so
that you can more easily understand and optimize your business.

**Summary of 2025 fee changes**

  * **We are lowering inbound placement service fees for large bulky-size products an average of $0.58 per unit for minimal shipment splits.** For details, go to the [Inbound placement service fee page](/gp/help/external/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z?locale=en-US). This change is effective January 15, 2025.
  * **We will waive the inbound placement service fee for new parent ASINs that qualify for the FBA New Selection Program and are included in shipments created between December 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025.** These items will be exempt from the inbound placement service fee up to the first 100 inbounded units per new parent ASIN. For details, go to the [Inbound placement service fee page](/gp/help/external/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z?).
  * **We are introducing more incentives for adding certain new selection in our store.** We will enhance the New Seller Incentives and FBA New Selection programs with greater fee discounts to further support targeted segments of new selection growth. These timebound discounts will be available starting January 15, 2025 on the [Seller Benefits page](/sellerbenefits/home) for eligible sellers and selection. We will regularly refresh these discounts and they will include products that are everyday essentials, have high customer demand but lower selection breadth in our store, and popular brands where customers want greater global availability.

Other than these three updates, our US referral and FBA fee types and rates
will not change.

We're excited to continue providing you with a great value and are committed
to your ongoing success selling in Amazon's store. We appreciate your
partnership and look forward to an even greater year of seller success in
2025.

