---
title: A+ content FAQ & troubleshooting
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202102960
section: General Documentation
---

## Why did I receive an error saying my ASIN was not recognized as part of my
brand?

This message means that the ASIN is not properly being mapped to your brand.
This is usually caused by inaccurate listing data on the ASIN, which you can
fix by editing. The most common data points that need updating are:  

  1. Brand name mismatch: The brand name listed on the ASIN does not match the brand name as approved by Amazon's Brand Registry. These need to match 100%. Adding spaces or hyphens will lead to a mismatch. 

**Note:** Brand name is case sensitive.

  2. Inaccurate GTIN or Key Attribute. Your ASIN listing data must include a GTIN (UPC, EAN, JAN) that is correct and consistent with your brand. The most common GTIN/Key Attributes are:
     * UPC
     * Part number
     * Model number
     * Style number
     * Catalog number
  3. Categorization: The item type category which closely matches with the ASIN product type should be selected in the listing details.

If you still receive this error after verifying these data points, contact
[Brand Registry](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/register/account?url=/) for
assistance.

## I received an error message that an ASIN has a retail contribution. Why is
that?

This message means that the ASIN already has A+ content contributed by a
retail vendor at Amazon. We are currently unable to give you access to add A+
content to these ASINs.

## Why am I getting an error that says “Remove the following keywords from
your content before submitting”?

All text entered in A+ content, including in text boxes, image keywords and
text embedded in images are subject to both automated and manual review and
validation against a list of prohibited keywords and keywords that may be
prohibited in certain contexts. When A+ content systems detect one or more
prohibited keywords in your content, A+ content will prevent you from
submitting until the words are removed. Search your text boxes, image keywords
and text embedded in your images for the keywords used while uploading your
product images. Remove the text and resubmit by clicking **Preview** >
**Submit**.

## What should I do if I see “reduce KB size” when I preview my content?

Our system has a maximum size limitation for the content you submit. This is a
system requirement that cannot be overridden, so you must fix it before
submitting. If you receive this error, then you likely need to reduce the file
size of the images you attempted to upload or reduce the number of images
added. All templates can have content added to every slot and still remain
within the size limit if you adjust the image file size properly.

## What do I need to know to set up A+ content A/B tests through Manage Your
Experiments?

An ASIN is eligible if it belongs to your brand and has received enough
traffic in recent weeks to be eligible for experimentation. We only let you
experiment with high-traffic ASINs to increase the likelihood that you can
confidently determine a winner at the end of the experiment. A maximum of 500
ASINs can be applied to an experiment. For more information, go to [Manage
Your Experiment](/experiments/dashboard).

