---
title: A+ content
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202102930
section: General Documentation
---

To learn more about Intro to A+ Content, see the [Seller University
video](/learn/courses?moduleId=eab577e0-8244-4ba0-9db6-38ed0444ad22&ref_=su_refined_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube).

A+ Content offers Brand Representatives and Resellers a way to engage with
customers to showcase the detail page with supplemental marketing content on
their branded ASINs.

Using the A+ Content Manager, you can describe your product features in
different ways, whether its highlighting aspects of your brand with the A+
brand story features, or deep diving on product feature information with the
enhanced product description features.

## Who can use A+ Content?

A+ Content is meant to be used by [Brand Representatives and
Resellers](/help/hub/reference/GJ84K745AL3R5N3Q). To add ASINs to your A+
Content, you must be a professional Seller and have a Brand Representative or
Reseller role assigned in the brand of that ASIN through the [Amazon Brand
Registry Process](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/register/account?url=/). A+
Content is also available for emerging selling partners who have been approved
for certain managed selling programs, such as Launchpad and Amazon Exclusives.
If your brand is already registered but still do not have access to A+
Content, please contact your brand Administrator to request a Selling Role
assignment. If you are not able to get in contact with your Administrator then
open a support case on [Brand Registry](http://www.amazon-brand-
registry.com/eng/contact_us).

We do not charge any fee for adding the Standard Enhanced Product Description
(Basic A+) and A+ Brand Story content features. If we implement a fee for new
types of A+ Content in the future, we will make an announcement in the A+
Content tool ahead of time so that you know about any change, and your
existing content will not be impacted.

## Why use A+ Content?

Adding A+ Content to your product detail pages may result in higher conversion
rates to increase sales, reduce negative reviews by highlighting product
features, and increase discoverability when paired with ads, deals, or
coupons. A+ Content provides Brand Representatives and Resellers the
opportunity to answer a customer’s most common questions by providing relevant
brand and product related details. This information can help drive more rapid
purchase decisions and reduce the likelihood of having products returned.

## What are the types of A+ Content?

Your A+ Content can include the following content types, which display in
separate sections on the detail page:  

  1. **Basic A+ Content**

Provide more details on product features and uses to complement the bullet
points and images on the main product detail page. These additional details
help customers make purchase decisions by proactively answering their
questions. The Basic A+ Content appears in the **Product Description** section
of the detail page, and includes:

     * Access to a diverse set of modules/layouts for content creation
     * Custom paragraph headers and images
     * Unique image and text layouts
     * Product comparison charts
     * Rich text editor, including bulleted/number feature lists
     * Comparison charts allow for a minimum of 2 products/2 attributes to compare items in a product line or across your brand

Starting January 2024, generic ASINs that are part of a Professional Sellers’
catalog, now have access to Basic A+ Content. This access for generic ASINs is
only limited to Basic A+ Content. To learn more about generic listings, see
[Amazon Generic Product Policy](/help/hub/reference/G84H3T69ZX762NWT).

  2. **Premium A+ Content**

Increase engagement with best-in-class detail page experiences available for
supplemental marketing information, using more real estate on the detail page
and richer media content compared to Basic A+ Content. This displays in the
**Product Description** of the detail page as well and includes:

     * Interactive hover hotspot modules
     * Multiple video modules
     * Enhanced comparison charts
     * Larger images on the detail page
     * Carousel modules
     * Q&A module

**A+ Content: Basic vs Premium Comparison Guide**

A+ Content Type | Text & Images | Image Size | Comparison Chart | Allowable Modules on Detail Page | Module Selection | Video & Hotspot | Navigation Carousel  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Basic A+ | 
     * | 970 x 300 | 
     * | 5 | 14 |  |   
Premium A+ | 
     * | 1464 x 600 | 
     * | 7 | 19 | 
     * | 
     *   3. **A+ Brand Story content**  
  
Educate customers about the history of your brand, the brand's values, and
product lines. Brand Story supports 1 module with up to 19 pre-formatted cards
within a carousel experience and can be used in addition to A+ Content (Basic
or Premium). Brand Story appears in the **From the brand** section on the
detail page, and features include:

     * Carousel display with full screen background on desktop and mobile devices
     * Image and text cards
     * Links to other products and your Amazon brand store

You can publish content to all ASINs that you own as a registered Brand
Representative or Reseller in Amazon Brand Registry, and have up to 20 pending
submissions in review at one time. You can simplify publishing Brand Story
content to all the ASINs in your catalog by using the bulk upload feature in
the A+ Content Manager.

**Note:**  

  1. If you want to upload and manage product videos, you can use [Upload and manage your product videos](/creatorhub/video/library) in Seller Central. 
  2. A+ Content features are not yet formally supported for ASINs sold through Seller Central in the Books, Music, Video, or DVD (BMVD) categories at this time.
  3. A+ Content is not the same as Amazon Business enhanced content, which is a separate tool lets you upload separate file documents to the detail page.

## A+ Content placement

Basic or Premium A+ Content and A+ Brand Story content submitted by sellers
shows in the **Product description** and in the **From the brand** section on
the detail page, respectively. The "From the manufacturer" section of the
detail page is reserved for A+ Content from retail vendors. In most cases, A+
Content contributed by an Amazon retail vendor that appears in the "From the
manufacturer" section will appear in place of the Seller submitted content
that appears in the "Product description" section. As the manufacturer of the
product, Amazon retail vendor A+ Content is prioritized to prevent competing
A+ Content submissions on a single ASIN. If an ASIN already has A+ Content
contributed by a retail vendor at Amazon, you will not be able to add or edit
A+ Content.

When adding A+ Content for your ASINs, your A+ Content will hide the current
plain-text product description. Ensure that your A+ Content includes all the
necessary details from the plain-text product description field. Even though
the plain-text product description is not shown, it is still best practice to
make sure that changes you make to A+ Content are also reflected in that field
as well in Manage Your Inventory page.

## Premium A+ FAQ

## What is the cost for Premium A+?

Access to Premium A+ features will be available to you at no cost during this
promotional period for all ASINs registered to your brand. During the
promotional period, we encourage you to publish Premium A+ for all ASINs
within your brand. If we announce a fee for Premium A+, you will be given the
opportunity to opt-in for a fee. We will not charge you for any fees without
your consent.

## What is the eligibility criteria for Premium A+?

The eligibility criteria outlined below is for any country that you sell and
publish A+ Content in. When you meet eligibility in one country, you will be
given Premium A+ access worldwide. You are eligible if:  

  1. You have already published A+ Brand Story to all ASINs that you own within your catalog. Essentially, all ASINs within your A+ Content Manager need to have a published Brand Story. You can confirm this by accessing the A+ Content Manager and searching to see if you have created and published a project. You will also see A+ Brand Story on your ASINs under the “From the Brand” fields on the detail page.
  2. You have had at least  5 project submissions of A+ Content that have been approved and published within the past 12 months. You can confirm this by accessing the A+ Content Manager and checking the status of your submitted projects and the last published date. This is to ensure our [guidelines](/help/hub/reference/GGW8U76SSNTRTBX7) are being adhered to.

## What can I do to meet the eligibility criteria for Premium A+?

To meet the criteria, follow these steps:  

  1. Apply A+ brand story to all of your ASINs within the A+ Content Manager.  

    1. Go to A+ Content Manager
    2. Start creating A+ Content
    3. Choose Brand Story
    4. Add Modules
    5. Apply ASINs
    6. Review and Submit.
  2. To improve your content approval rates, we encourage you to carefully follow our [A+ Content guidelines](/help/hub/reference/GGW8U76SSNTRTBX7) as you create new A+ Content. Over time, this will help increase your A+ Content submission approval rates and improve the time it takes to get content approved and published.

## How will I know if I’m eligible for Premium A+?

Every week, we will re-evaluate the eligibility of Brand Representatives and
Resellers for Premium A+. If you are eligible, we will enable this feature for
you within the A+ Content Manager and you will see a banner within the A+
Content Manager notifying you of access with a link to create Premium A+
Content. You do not need to contact us for access to Premium A+.

## What happens at the end of the promotional period?

At the conclusion of the promotional period, we may disable your ability to
add Premium A+ modules to new ASINs. However, any Premium A+ Content published
to ASINs during the promotional period will remain on the detail page free of
charge. If we announce a fee for Premium A+, you will not be charged for the
existing content you created. If you would like to replace that content, you
may do so at any time by publishing A+ Content using the basic A+ standard
modules.

## A+ recommendations

Occasionally, A+ recommendations presented on the landing page of the A+
Content Manger are ranked by page views, and are intended to help identify
high traffic ASINs within your catalog that don’t currently make use of A+
Content or can help improve existing A+ Content.

You can also launch these recommendations as a prioritization workflow from
the content-type selection page after clicking to start creating A+ Content.
When you complete, save, or skip any recommendation, the next highest impact
recommendation will be presented to you. If you’re not ready to take action
for a given recommendation, use the dismiss function to hide that item for 30
days.

