---
title: About seller facial data
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVQRRK8ZNHUVNQ6Y
section: General Documentation
---

When you register to sell on Amazon, and at other times during the term of
your selling agreement,  we verify your identity to protect our customers,
selling partners, and our store. In some cases, we may offer you the option to
complete identity verification by using facial recognition technology in the
manner that is described on this page.

## Collected data

With your consent, we collect images of your face and government-issued
identity documents, from your device’s camera. We refer to the unique facial
measurements that we extract from these images as **facial data**. Facial data
may be considered “biometric data” under the laws of some jurisdictions.

## How we collect facial data

We may directly collect facial data by using the Amazon Rekognition service
and other technologies, or let one of our authorized third-party service
providers collect it, which includes Persona Identities, Inc., or its
affiliates, using their own technology.

## How facial data is used

We use facial data to verify your identity and to prevent and detect fraud,
such as by determining whether you are a live person and whether your face
appears to match the picture on your government-issued identification
documents. Facial data is only used for the purposes described, and will not
be used to develop or improve the quality of other technologies, products, or
services.

## How long does Amazon keep my data?

We retain your facial data for up to 2 years, as mandated by applicable laws.
The images that are used to create your facial data may be retained for longer
periods to comply with legal requirements.

## How long do the service providers keep my data?

Our service provider doesn't retain your facial data. The images that are used
to create your facial data may be retained by our service provider for up to
29 days for audit purposes.

## How facial data is protected

We take your data security very seriously. To protect your facial data, Amazon
and its third-party service providers employ security measures that are at
least as protective as the ones that are used to protect other confidential
and sensitive data. Your facial data and the images that are used to create
your facial data are stored securely, only accessed by authorized employees
and only used for the purposes that are described herein.

##  Is facial data sold to or shared with third parties?

We don’t sell or share your facial data, or the images that are used to create
your facial data, with any third party unless it is required by applicable
law. We may authorize our third-party service providers, including Persona
Identities, Inc., or its affiliates, to collect and process your facial data
on our behalf by using their own technology. These third-party service
providers are permitted to process and use your facial data only for the
purpose of providing identity verification services to us, and only as
described on this page and in a manner that is consistent with our [Privacy
Notice](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010).
They are not permitted to sell your facial data, nor share it with anyone
besides Amazon.

## How do I withdraw consent for Amazon to use my facial data?

Identity verification using facial recognition technology is optional. Even if
you’ve already clicked **Next** on the consent screen, you can exit at any
time before you complete the image capture, by clicking the **X** on your
screen. This redirects you back to Seller Central to complete identity
verification by using a video call. If you do this, no biometric data is
created.

If you’ve already completed the verification process of your facial data and
would like to withdraw your consent, you can send us a request by using the
[Get Support](/help/center) feature in Seller Central, specifying each purpose
for which your consent is withdrawn. If you withdraw consent, you may be
required to complete additional verification steps, such as by video call, in
order to begin or continue selling on our stores.

## How can I request access to my facial data?

You can find information regarding how you can request access to your personal
data in Amazon’s [Privacy
Notice](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010).

