---
title: About the INFORM Consumers Act
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJ4JUGLSAPRM3LU7
section: General Documentation
---

The INFORM Consumers Act took effect on June 27, 2023, and places obligations
on Amazon and high-volume third-party sellers who sell products on Amazon’s US
store. Under this law, high-volume sellers are required to do the following:

  * Provide, and Amazon must collect, verify, and disclose, certain specific information about their business.
  * Keep this information current and notify Amazon when their information changes, at which point Amazon must verify the new information.
  * Certify that their information is current on at least an annual basis.

## Who is covered by the INFORM Consumers Act?

The law applies to third-party sellers on Amazon who, in any continuous
12-month period during the previous 24 months, have sold 200 or more new or
unused consumer products and have had $5,000 or more in gross revenues.

## Amazon already has verification processes. What is changing because of the
INFORM Consumers Act?

To ensure a trusted store for both customers and sellers, we already maintain
and continue to innovate on robust processes for collecting and verifying
sellers’ business information during and after registration. While many of our
processes are more sophisticated and effective than the basic requirements of
the INFORM Consumers Act, the law requires us to take certain additional steps
to verify information related to high-volume sellers.

## What does the INFORM Consumers Act require?

We encourage you to visit your [Account health](/performance/dashboard) page
to review any outstanding requirements or confirm that your information is
accurate and current. If you do not have any outstanding action items for
INFORM, these requirements will not be visible to you on the Account Health
page. If we require that you take further steps to verify your current
information, we will contact you via email with specific instructions. We will
also ask all high-volume sellers to certify that their information is still
correct and up-to-date at least once a year. To avoid any disruption to your
business, respond to these messages within the specified timelines.

## Verification processes for the INFORM Consumers Act

## What information about my business is Amazon required to collect and verify
under the INFORM Consumers Act?

We must collect and verify your name, a government-issued identification
document, a business address, bank account information, a working email
address, a working phone number, and a tax identification number. This
information must be either in the business name of the seller or an individual
legally authorized to act on the seller’s behalf. If we are not able to verify
your information, then we will also contact you to provide more information so
that we can complete verification. We must verify your information anytime
your information changes, and at least annually to certify that your
information is current.

## Where can I learn more about Amazon’s seller verification processes?

For more detailed information about our processes related to updating and
verifying specific types of information, go to the relevant help pages:

  * For identity verification, go to [Global seller identity verification](/gp/help/GQRP483PDN88Q3M9). 
  * For banking information, go to [Add, view, update, and verify your banking information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W).
  * For phone number, go to [Phone verification](/gp/help/GGQSHDR5BYTCWX42).
  * For business address, go to our page [Business address verification](/gp/help/G2CVLYZXQRXQAMAL).
  * For submitting tax information, go to [Update your tax information](/gp/help/GX3CA5D6NHFGQPVT).

We have also updated the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) for consistency with the new law. For more
information, go to [Changes to the Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G47071).

## Does my information need to be verified again if it hasn’t changed?

If we have already verified all the required information that you have shared
and it has not changed, you will not be required to have your information
verified again. However, under the INFORM Consumers Act, all high-volume
third-party sellers are required to keep their information up to date and
notify us when their information changes. We must then verify any updates
made.

We will contact you via email with specific instructions if we require you to
take further steps to verify your current information. We will also ask all
high-volume sellers to certify that their information is still correct at
least once a year. To avoid any disruption to your business, respond to these
messages within the specified timelines.

## Certification process for the INFORM Consumers Act

## What do I need to do to complete certification? Can I do it myself?

If you are required to certify your information, you will receive a
notification via email, performance notifications, and on your **Account
health** page.

To complete the INFORM Consumers Act certification, take the following steps:  

  1. Go to the [Account health](/performance/dashboard) page to learn more about the INFORM Consumers Act certification requirements. 

**Note:** If you are not required to complete certification at this time, you
will not see the INFORM requirements displayed.

  2. If your information is up to date, you can choose to certify your information for the INFORM Consumers Act. To do so, follow the instructions on the page to complete certification. Once you go to the Notice and Certification page, you will be required to complete electronic certification within 10 days to avoid account deactivation. Once you have certified your information, you will receive an acknowledgement email letting you know that you have completed your certification.

**Note:** We will need to verify any updated information based on the
verification processes described above. However, you can still complete
certification requirements while we verify the new information that you
provided.

## What happens if I change my account information after I’ve already
certified?

Anytime you change your information, the law requires that we verify the
updates that you have made. If we are not able to verify the updates, your
account may be at risk of deactivation. Respond promptly to information
requests so that we can work with you to avoid account disruptions.

## Why do I need to certify my information at least annually?

The INFORM Consumers Act requires us to ask all high-volume sellers to certify
that their information is still correct at least once a year.

## Account deactivation and reinstatement

## What will happen if I do not provide the information Amazon requires?

If we contact you by email with a verification request, we will share specific
instructions and a timeline for response. If you do not respond within the
timelines requested or we are unable to verify your information, we may
withhold your payments or deactivate your selling account until you provide
the information that is necessary to successfully complete verification.

## My account has been deactivated. What do I need to do to reinstate my
account?

Your account can be deactivated under the INFORM Consumers act by not
completing either the required verification or certification steps. If your
account is deactivated due to the requirements of the INFORM Consumers Act,
follow the reactivation steps in the account deactivation email that we sent
you or go to "Reactivate your account" at the top of the **Account health**
page in Seller Central.

## How quickly will my account be reinstated after I provide the required
information?

Your account will be reinstated in 48-72 hours after you have completed both
verification and certification as required by the INFORM Consumer Act. Go to
"Reactivate your account" at the top of the **Account health** page in Seller
Central and follow the reactivation steps.

## Information security and sharing

## How does Amazon protect my information?

We take your data privacy and security very seriously and handle your personal
information in accordance with the [Amazon.com Privacy
Notice](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ).
We employ strict security measures to protect your confidential information to
avoid any unauthorized access.

## What information about my business does Amazon share with customers?

We have a [seller profile](/gp/help/G841) page on Amazon.com for each seller,
including their name, address, optional customer-service phone number, and a
link to our Buyer-Seller Messaging chat service to ensure that customers have
the best information when making shopping decisions. Because this page
satisfies some of the new requirements under the INFORM Consumers Act, we are
not making any changes.

To comply with the INFORM Consumers Act, we will notify customers in shipping
confirmation emails when an item in their order was supplied by a different
seller than the seller they ordered from, and provide a link to the supplying
seller’s profile page in the customer’s order-history invoices. This will
mainly occur for sellers who have not opted out of FBA’s virtual tracking
program. For more information, go to [FBA virtual tracking
FAQ](/gp/help/GEFKUGES6NSE7CBP).

## Where can I learn more about the INFORM Consumers Act?

To read more about the INFORM Consumers Act, go to the [Congress.gov
website](https://www.congress.gov/bill/117th-congress/house-
bill/5502?s=1&r=60).

## Who should I contact with questions?

For more information, contact Selling Partner Support.

