---
title: Acceptable bank accounts and payment service providers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKLETRP8MLF7CVFX
section: General Documentation
---

To improve our ability to identify and prevent bad actors so that we can
continue to protect customers and sellers against fraud and abuse, we limit
the types of accounts that we accept for the disbursement of Amazon store
sales proceeds. You may either receive your sales proceeds to a bank account
directly issued to you by a deposit-taking bank or to a bank account issued by
a Payment Service Provider (PSP) that participates in Amazonâ€™s Payment Service
Provider Program (also referred to as the "Program"). The requirements above
apply both when you choose to receive direct disbursement and when you receive
disbursements through the [Amazon Currency Converter for
sellers](/gp/help/G200381250) program.

## Payment Service Provider program

If you choose to use a PSP to receive your funds, Amazon will only accept bank
accounts managed by PSPs that participate in the Program (also referred to as
the "Participating PSP"). Go to [selling partner
appstore](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1)
for the current list of Participating PSPs and information about how to sign
up for a Participating PSP.

If you use a PSP that does not participate in the Program, we'll notify you
and you'll be required to switch to either a Participating PSP or a bank
account directly issued to you by a deposit-taking bank. We may hold further
disbursements until you change your disbursement method accordingly. You can
change your bank account information on the [Deposit
methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView) page.

Amazon requires Participating PSPs to implement robust know-your-customer
(KYC), sanctions and denied party screening, anti-money laundering, and other
risk management controls. If you use a PSP, your disbursements may be delayed
as permitted under applicable law until your PSP has completed these required
steps. You can contact your PSP if your disbursements are delayed for this
reason.

Amazon shares with Participating PSPs the PSP account number you provided to
us and information about your Amazon selling account in order to verify that
your bank account is issued by a Participating PSP, and to protect against
fraud and abuse. Participating PSPs also share with Amazon information about
your identity and your PSP account. If your selling on Amazon account is
deactivated or terminated due to abuse, fraud, or illegal activity, Amazon
will receive additional information about your PSP account, including limited
transaction information. Amazon uses information provided by Participating
PSPs only to identify and take actions against individuals who engage in
abuse, fraud, or other illegal activity. For more information about how Amazon
handles your personal information, go to [Privacy
Notice](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010).

