---
title: Account settings FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G19781
section: General Documentation
---

## Why can't I view some pages on Seller Central?

The rights and permissions associated with your account determine which pages
you can view on Seller Central. Rights and permissions for your account change
based on things like if you have an [Individual or Professional selling
plan](/gp/help/G64491) or if you use Amazon services such as Fulfillment by
Amazon (FBA).

By default, the user who registers a new Seller Central account has access to
every page and feature. This user, the _primary account administrator_ , can
use the User Permissions feature in Seller Central to grant other users access
to their Seller Central account and control which features they can see.

Currently, only Professional sellers have access to the User Permissions
feature. Individual sellers will not have access to User Permissions.

If you are unable to access a Seller Central feature or help topic because you
do not have the necessary rights and permissions, ask your primary account
administrator to give you access.

Some help topics are also visible without a sign-in. To browse these pages, go
to [Selling on Amazon.com](https://sell.amazon.com).

For more information about assigning and modifying user rights and
permissions, account administrators can refer to the [Set User
Permissions](/gp/help/901) help topic in Seller Central.

## Can I transfer my seller account?

Seller accounts generally are not transferable. Seller accounts provide access
to the tools and resources that sellers use to list their products and manage
their orders. Seller accounts also include account activity history and buyer
feedback. Every seller on Amazon must have a seller account and an agreement
with Amazon that establishes the terms under which the seller lists and sells
their products.

If the ownership of a business changes for any reason, the new owner needs to
establish a new seller account.

If the ownership of a business isn't changing, but the individuals responsible
for managing the seller account have changed, you can add users to the
account. For more information, see [Set User Permissions](/gp/help/901).

## What does the website drop-down box do?

In some cases, you might see a site drop-down box near the top-right corner of
the Seller Central website. This drop-down box, which appears only if you
manage multiple sites or stores with Amazon, helps you switch between related
websites. For example, if you sell on both the Amazon.com website and the
Amazon.ca website, then you can use the Account Selector drop-down box to
choose between viewing your orders on each of these sites.

**Note:** When you switch using the Account Selector, the Help content you can
see also changes.

## How does the website I select in Seller Central affect my store?

You can manage your related websites using the Account Selector drop-down box
in Seller Central. For example, you can set up a promotion for your Amazon.com
website, and then set up a different promotion for your own, related website.
Changes you make to your Amazon.com website do not affect your separate
website, and vice-versa. To customers, the sites appear separate, even though
you can quickly switch from one site to the other to make changes to them.

You choose the site you want from the drop-down box near the top left of your
Seller Central account, above the navigation bar.

For more information, see [What does the website drop-down box
do?](/gp/help/26971)

## How do I get support for multiple stores or multiple selling accounts?

If you are selling in more than one store or have more than one selling
account, you can get help from Selling Partner Support by selecting the
specific store or selling account where the issue is happening. This wonâ€™t
require you to sign in on a different Seller Central domain.

To route your case to the correct support team, select the store or the
selling account from the dropdown where the issue is happening. This will
reduce the time it takes for associates to resolve the issue.

## Can I put a link on my website to my products listed on Amazon?

Yes, you can put a link on your website to the products you have listed on
Amazon. However, you cannot put a link from the Amazon website to your own
website.

