---
title: Account Management and Performance Targets for Services
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202043250
section: General Documentation
---

_Last Updated 10/21/21_

Amazon's priority is to give our customers the best service possible, and
we're always striving to raise the bar. For that reason, we work with the best
Sellers and Service Providers in the market that meet the performance targets.
In case you fail to meet these targets, it might negatively affect your
account and/or the number of jobs assigned to you, and it can even result in
the suspension of your selling privileges. Although these targets are the
foundation for good service, we encourage our Sellers and Service Providers to
excel in their performance as an opportunity to earn more jobs on Amazon.

## Service Level Definitions

Service Level Standards are outlined in [Amazon Services Provider Program
Polices](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/help.html?itemID=G9GPDWV663AD4USD&language=en_US&ref=ls_G9GPDWV663AD4USD_cont_home&).
The following provides additional details to help manage performance against
these standards.

**Customer Feedback Rating (Target: 4.7 stars or more)**

The average customer star rating received on your completed orders. This
metric is calculated based only on orders that **do** have a rating, if the
customer has not rated the order, it is excluded from consideration. You can
review your latest customer feedback at any time in the [Feedback
Manager](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/seller-rating/pages/feedback-
manager.html?language=en_US&ref=ls_srfdback_cont_202043250) under the
“Performance” menu in Seller Central.

**Happiness Guarantee Claim Rate (Target: 1% or less)**

The percentage of your completed or cancelled orders that suffer from a
Happiness Guarantee claim filed by the customer. You can find your Happiness
Guarantee Claims under [Your Case
Log](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/cu/case-lobby) in Seller Central.

**Negative Feedback Rate (Target: 1% or less)**

The percentage of your completed orders receiving a 1 or 2 star rating from
the customer. This metric is calculated based only on orders that **do** have
a rating, if the customer has not rated the order, it is excluded from
consideration. You can review your latest customer feedback at any time in the
[Feedback Manager](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/seller-
rating/pages/feedback-
manager.html?language=en_US&ref=ls_srfdback_cont_202043250) under the
“Performance” menu in Seller Central.

**Cancellation Rate (Target: 1% or less)**

The number of orders cancelled by you, the customer, or Amazon, for reasons
attributed to you--regardless of who initiated the cancellation. Take into
consideration that cancellation circumstances out of your control or
responsibility are excluded from this metric.

**Reschedule Rate (Target: 1% or less)**

The percentage of orders rescheduled by you, the customer, or Amazon, for
reasons attributed to you—regardless of who initiated the reschedule request.
Remember that reschedule circumstances out of your control or responsibility
are excluded from this metric.

**Outside Arrival Window (Target: 10% or less)**

The percentage of completed or cancelled orders that are marked as “Job
Started” outside the arrival window (either early or late). The arrival window
is available on order details.

**Late Completion Rate (Target: 1% or less)**

The percentage of your orders that are marked as “Completed” any time past
midnight of the appointment date.

## Account and Performance Status

## Performance Status

Performance status allows you to understand if you're meeting Amazon's
performance expectations. Your Performance Status will be in one of the
following:

  * **Good Standing:** You are meeting all performance targets. With this status you may earn more jobs on Amazon by continuing to improve and demonstrating distinguished performance. Although these targets are the foundation for good service, we encourage our Providers to excel in their performance as an opportunity to earn more jobs on Amazon.
  * **Attention:** You are below one or more performance targets. This status might negatively affect your account and/or the number of jobs assigned to you, and it can even result in the suspension of your selling privileges.

## Account Status

Account status determines your ability to sell services on Amazon. Your
Selling Account status can be one of the following:

  * **Active:** Your selling account is able to sell on Amazon and funds (payments) will be disbursed on the normal schedule.
  * **Under Review:** Your selling account is able to sell on Amazon, but is currently under review by Amazon. Funds are withheld for 90 days or until the review is completed, whichever comes first.
  * **Suspended:** Your selling account is not able to sell on Amazon and funds are temporarily withheld. Suspensions may be communicated with an automatic reinstatement date that doesn't require you to take action, or you may be required to take action before reinstatement—usually by submitting an improvement plan. Funds are withheld for 90 days or your account is reinstated to "Active", whichever comes first.

## Account Health and Performance FAQs

#### How does my company maintain acceptable service levels?

The answer for each provider is different and will depend on your industry and
business. We trust your expertise to drive the best customer experience,
however here are some best practices recommended to keep the bar high. These
suggestions are based on the favorable response of customers.

  * Confirm an appointment time for all orders within 1 business day.
  * Carefully read and complete the full scope of work for each service or job.
  * Discuss and clearly communicate change orders with customers before starting service or as soon as the need for a change is discovered.
  * Make every effort to honor the scheduled appointment time. If you will not be able to make the scheduled time, work with the customer to find an alternate time as soon as possible.
  * Make sure to bring all the tools needed to complete the service.
  * Some jobs might require more than one person. Make sure enough people are dispatched for the job.
  * Provide helpful and timely post-transaction support (answering phone calls or messages, follow-up visits, repairs, refunds) to help ensure customer satisfaction.
  * The day before the appointment, touch base with the customer to confirm scope and, if possible, communicate a specific arrival time within the arrival window.
  * On the day of appointment, let the customer know when you are on your way. Show up and leave on time.
  * Check that the customer is satisfied with the service before finishing the job through the mobile app.
  * Take notes or photos, with customer authorization, of the workspace or product condition before and after the service.

#### How can I use this information to improve my business?

We hope you will be able to utilize both recent and historical information to
ensure compliance with the [Selling Services
Terms](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/201484410?language=en_US&ref=ls_201484410_cont_202043250).
Meeting the requirements across all metrics will increase positive customer
experiences, which will be reflected in better feedback and happier customers.
Both tend to drive increased sales for your company.

#### My account has been suspended or blocked, how do I appeal?

We evaluate your performance against these Service Level requirements and give
you visibility to these metrics. If your selling privileges have been
suspended or blocked due to failure to meet service level requirements, you
can appeal the decision by submitting a reply to the suspension message in
[Your Case Log](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/cu/case-lobby), including an
improvement action plan. Your suspension notification may also indicate a
reinstatement date, and your account will be reinstated after that date
without any action on your part. If your suspension notification has no
reinstatement date or indicates a permanent suspension, you are required to
submit an improvement plan in order to be considered for reinstatement at
Amazon's discretion. Learn more about [Appeals for Suspended or Blocked
Accounts](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/202043290/ref=ls_202043290_cont_202043250).

#### Will Amazon ever change the terms of the Provider service level
requirements?

Amazon may modify Service Level Requirements over time. Any changes will be
announced on Seller Central.

