---
title: Account health FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200285250
section: General Documentation
---

## What is the purpose of the Account health page?

The Account health page provides an overview of your selling account’s
adherence to the performance targets and policies required to sell on Amazon.
To ensure that we are delivering a great experience for our customers, Amazon
can act on these metrics if they don’t comply with our targets.

We regularly review the performance of all sellers and notify them when they
are off-target. The intent of this review is to give you the opportunity to
improve your performance before the issue affects your ability to sell on
Amazon.

Seller accounts are deactivated when they do not comply with the contractually
required performance rates defined in the program policy “Monitor your account
health”.

If your selling account has been deactivated, you may be eligible for
reinstatement. You can appeal for reinstatement by providing us with a plan of
action to correct the issues that contributed to the enforcement action. For
more information, go to [appeal the restriction or removal of selling
privileges](/gp/help/200370560).

Learn how to maintain great Account health

## How does the Account health Rating work?

The Account Health Rating (AHR) is a new feature that helps monitor your
account health based on your adherence to Amazon’s selling policies. It
considers factors such as the number of unresolved policy violations on your
account at any given time, the relative severity of those violations, and the
extent to which you positively impact the customer experience via your selling
activities. This rating does not change Amazon’s existing selling policies and
will continue to be refined over time.

To maintain ‘Good’ account health, address all policy violations in a timely
manner. If your AHR is ‘At Risk’ or ‘Critical’, your account may be at risk of
deactivation. Irrespective of your AHR, always ensure overall compliance with
our terms, policies, and applicable laws to avoid account deactivation. For
more information about AHR, go to [Account Health Rating: Frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GR786P4BPEVKTBAG).

## What do I do if I have one or more violations, issues, or complaints listed
on my Account health page?

If you have any violations, issues, or complaints listed on your Account
health page, take a moment to review them by clicking **View details** in the
**Product Policy Compliance** section. On this page, you will see a history of
all the content (listings, images) that was removed, along with the current
status, and the next steps to resume selling. To resume selling a product that
has been removed, follow the guidance mentioned against each item in the
**Next Steps** column.

For more information, go to [appeal an account deactivation or listing
removal](/gp/help/200370560).

## My selling account’s performance against a metric or a policy on the
Account health page is off- target, but the Account health page does not tell
me that my account is at risk of deactivation, or is deactivated. Why is that?

We take into consideration order volume when calculating your account health.

For example, if you have only 10 orders and one of them has a defect, your ODR
will be 10%. While that is technically over our target of 1%, it doesn't
necessarily reflect an actual problem with your performance given the low
number of orders.

