---
title: Account Health Rating: Frequently Asked Questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GR786P4BPEVKTBAG
section: General Documentation
---

## What is the purpose of the Account Health page?

The Account Health page provides an overview of your selling account’s
adherence to the performance targets and policies required to sell in Amazon
stores. The goal is to give you the opportunity to improve your account health
before any violations or defects affect your ability to sell in Amazon stores.

To ensure that we are delivering a great experience for our customers, we
encourage you to view this page regularly and to address any issues as they
arise. You can find more information about the customer service and shipping
performance requirements displayed on your Account Health page by viewing the
[Order Performance Program Policy](/gp/help/GGJVNFDXQT8C3RA8).

If your selling account has been deactivated, you may be eligible for
reinstatement. For more information, go to the [Appeal the Restriction or
Removal of Selling Privileges](/gp/help/G200370560) page.

## What is the Account Health Rating?

To help you better manage your account health, we’ve created the Account
Health Rating (AHR). The AHR indicates your selling account’s risk of
deactivation due to non-compliance with certain Amazon selling policies. It is
displayed on the seller’s [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page for
each store that they sell in worldwide.

To learn more about the selling policies included in AHR, go to [Policies
included in Account Health Rating](/gp/help/GQ5DSES264XVXNX7). To see a list
of all of Amazon’s selling policies, go to [Program policies](/gp/help/G521).

The AHR is a color-coded numerical score that ranges from 0 to 1,000 and
provides near real-time status of your account’s health, letting you know if
your selling account in a particular store is at risk of deactivation. Upon
detection of any new policy violations associated with your selling account,
you lose points. You gain points when you successfully address those
violations.

To ensure your account health is evaluated in the context of the size of your
business, points are also granted when a minimum number of orders are filled.
All new sellers start with a score of 200, and over time, sellers will see a
score that accurately reflects their account health based on policy adherence
and selling activities over the last 180 days.

If your AHR is green ("Healthy," based on a score of 200-1,000), your account
is not at risk of deactivation based on the policies comprising the score. If
your AHR is yellow ("At Risk," based on a score of 100-199), your account is
at risk of deactivation. When your AHR is red ("Unhealthy," based on a score
of 99 or lower), your account is either eligible for deactivation or already
deactivated.

To obtain and maintain a "Healthy" account, we encourage you to avoid policy
violations, and if they happen, to address all violations listed on your
Account Health page in a timely manner, prioritizing those with the greatest
severity.

Regardless of your AHR score, Amazon may deactivate your account immediately
if required by law; if we suspect fraudulent, deceptive, illegal, or otherwise
harmful activity (including any activity that attempts to circumvent Amazon’s
systems); or you violate other policies outside of AHR, in order to protect
customers, our selling partners, and Amazon’s store.

## Which violations does the AHR include?

For a list of policies included in the AHR, go to [Policies included in
Account Health Rating](/gp/help/GQ5DSES264XVXNX7). Policy violations impacting
your AHR will also be listed on the [Account Health](/performance/dashboard)
page.

## What are the different severities of policy violations included in the AHR?

The AHR is designed to help you address and prioritize the policy violations
that most negatively impact your account health. In the case of all
violations, we encourage you to address them on an ongoing basis and take
action to prevent them from recurring. Violations are categorized as follows:  

  1. **Critical** : Violations of this severity have serious and unacceptable impact on customers, or violate certain laws, regulations, or the rights of others. Any single violation with this severity immediately qualifies your account for deactivation.
  2. **High** : Given the negative impact these violations have on customers, or the degree to which they may also violate applicable laws or regulations, our tolerance for high severity violations is minimal. 
  3. **Medium:** Violations of this severity may significantly undermine customer and sellers trust if they continue to occur over time.
  4. **Low** : We tolerate infrequent low severity violations because we understand that mistakes happen in the course of doing business. 

The table below provides examples of violations associated with each severity
level. We may change the severity of a violation if we observe changes in the
degree to which that violation affects customers or other sellers.

AHR Impact (Severity) | Examples   
---|---  
Critical | 

  * Product is counterfeit or pirated as determined via a test buy
  * Solicitation of product reviews or inclusion of non-compliant inserts
  * Attempting to damage or abuse another seller
  * Manipulating search results or sales rankings

  
High | 

  * Rights owner submits valid notice of infringement
  * Customer reports of infringing or counterfeit products

  
Medium | 

  * Listings that provide links that prompt users to visit external websites

  
Low | 

  * Customer reports a product they received is expired or in the wrong condition, for example, a used item being listed in new condition

  
  
  * Some violations are determined based on complaints from customers or notices from rights owners, and we go to great lengths to accurately assess the validity of these. If you think there is a mistake, let us know by locating the violation on your [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page and following the guidance under **Next steps**.
  * The table above does not include fraudulent, deceptive, illegal, or otherwise harmful activity. If we suspect that you have engaged in this activity (including any attempt to circumvent Amazon’s systems), we may immediately deactivate your account, regardless of your AHR score. This is done to protect customers, other sellers, and Amazon.

## How were the different severity levels determined?

When determining severity, we take into consideration factors such as the
degree to which the violation jeopardizes the customer experience, applicable
laws and regulations, and the number of previous violations for that same
policy.

## Did any policies change as a result of AHR?

We’ve significantly expanded our Account Health Rating program policy, go to
[AHR program policy](/gp/help/G200205250) for more information. The AHR does
not change Amazon’s existing policies that are included in AHR, but rather
aggregates violations of those policies into a single score that shows your
account’s risk of deactivation as a result of those violations. The AHR
provides you increased transparency into the status of your account health so
you can better manage it. To see a list of policies included in AHR, go to
[Policies included in Account Health Rating](/gp/help/GQ5DSES264XVXNX7).

## What happens if I incur a critical violation?

When we detect a critical violation, we will notify you of the violation via
your Account Health page as well as email. Your AHR will turn red and reflect
a numeric score of zero. You will have a 3-day grace period to address the
violation before account deactivation.

During this time, an Account Health specialist may attempt to call you to help
you resolve the issue. We encourage you to ensure your emergency contact phone
number is up to date. To verify that the number listed under Emergency
notifications is accurate, go to [Notifications
preferences](/notifications/preferences/ref=xx_notifpref_dnav_xx).

If you are able to successfully address the violation within the 3-day period,
your account will not be deactivated and your AHR score will be updated
accordingly.

## How do repeat violations impact my AHR?

Multiple violations of the same policy impact your account health in two ways.
First, the point values associated with violations included in your AHR
increase each time that same policy is violated. That means that repeat
violations will cause your AHR to degrade faster, with higher severity repeat
violations having the most impact. To help you identify and track repeat
violations for faster and more systemic resolution, repeat violations are
labeled as such in the "Impact" column on your Account Health page.

Second, your account may be at immediate risk of deactivation if you reach the
maximum number of repeat violations for a for single policy in a 180-day
period. The maximum number of repeat violations is five for infringement-
related policies and two for restricted products policies.

## How are repeat violation thresholds determined?

Repeat violation thresholds are based on violation severity, with more severe
violations having lower thresholds than less severe ones. For example,
infringement policies typically have a lower repeat violation threshold
because they are high-severity violations that violate laws and the
intellectual property rights of others. By contrast, listing a used product as
new has a higher repeat violation threshold because those are often low-
severity violations that can be easily resolved.

When determining repeat violation thresholds, we take into consideration the
same factors as when determining the severity of a violation, which are the
degree to which the violation jeopardizes the customer experience, applicable
laws, and regulations

## What happens if I reach the maximum number of repeat violations for a
particular policy?

When we detect you’ve reached the maximum number of repeat violations for a
given policy, a critical violation will surface on your Account Health page,
and we will notify you by email. AHR will turn red and reflect a numeric score
of zero. You will have a 3-day period to address the critical violation before
account deactivation. You can follow the instructions in the banner at the top
of your Account Health page and appeal through the [Product Policy Compliance
Dashboard](/performance/account/health/product-policies).

During this time, an Account Health specialist may attempt to call you to help
you resolve the issue. We encourage you to ensure your emergency contact phone
number is up to date. To verify that the number listed under Emergency
Notifications is accurate, go to [Notifications
preferences](/notifications/preferences/ref=xx_notifpref_dnav_xx).

If you are able to successfully address the critical violation within the
3-day period, your account will not be deactivated and your AHR score will be
updated accordingly. If you do not address the critical violation within the
3-day period, your account will be deactivated until you complete your appeal
through the Product Policy Compliance Dashboard.

## How do I improve my AHR?

Your AHR will increase as you successfully fulfill orders.

You can also improve your AHR by addressing outstanding policy violations via
the [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page in Seller Central, either by
appealing them or disputing them if you think we made an error. In the case of
a successful appeal or dispute, we will reverse the policy violation and its
corresponding impact on your account health.

Note that we take errors in our processes seriously and will not only remedy
the issue, but also use your feedback to continuously improve our processes.

## Does a “Healthy” AHR mean my account won’t be deactivated?

If your AHR is "Healthy", your account will not be deactivated due to
violations of the policies included in the AHR. However, regardless of your
AHR score, Amazon may deactivate your account immediately if required by law;
if we suspect fraudulent, deceptive, illegal, or otherwise harmful activity
(including any activity that attempts to circumvent Amazon’s systems); or you
violate other policies outside of AHR, in order to protect customers, our
sellers, and Amazon’s store.

## Why is my AHR “At risk” if I’ve already addressed violations on my Account
Health page?

Your AHR is based on the unaddressed violations on your [Account
Health](/performance/dashboard) page. Once we confirm that violations have
been addressed, your AHR will update within a few hours.

However, violations that have been removed from your Account Health page after
a successful appeal, where you did not dispute the activity occurred, may
still count towards the maximum threshold for repeat violations within a 180
day period

## If my AHR is “At risk,” does that mean my account will be deactivated?

If your AHR says your account is “At risk,” we encourage you to address the
violations on your [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page in a timely
manner in order to prevent unnecessary disruption to your selling account. If
you do not address these violations and we are not able to reach you to help
proactively address these violations, the account will most likely be
deactivated.

## When will violations be removed from my Account Health page?

Violations are removed from your [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page
in scenarios such as:

  * You successfully dispute the violation, and we confirm that the violation was an error.
  * The relevant rights owner retracts an intellectual property complaint.
  * You successfully appeal the violation, and we determine that while you did violate these policies, it was not intentional and the violation should be forgiven.

## What do I do if my account is deactivated due to my AHR?

Your account will be reinstated once your AHR score rises above the threshold
for deactivation. To improve your AHR, please address the outstanding policy
violations via your [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page, either by
appealing them or disputing them if you think we made an error.

In the case of a successful appeal or dispute, we will reverse the policy
violation and its corresponding impact on your AHR. Once your AHR score
returns to 100 or higher, your account will be reinstated.

## Will you share the formula of the AHR scores and the exact point values for
violations?

To calculate your AHR, all new sellers start with a score of 200. Points are
deducted from your AHR score each time we find a new policy violation, and
added back when you successfully address that violation. Point values for each
violation are based on severity level and typically range from two to eight.
However, critical violations automatically bring your AHR score to zero. Also,
if you violate the same policy multiple times, in some cases, negative point
values double per repeat violation. To ensure your AHR is evaluated in the
context of the size of your business, you also gain 4 points for every 200
successful orders you fulfilled over the last 180 days.

We have not displayed the exact point values in the Account Health dashboard
at this time as we focus on learning and inspecting these new features to
ensure the AHR offers sellers a best-in-class solution to manage their account
health. Our formula and point values may change in the future based on your
feedback; we’ll let you know if they do and make sure you have the support you
need from us to continue maintaining a healthy account.

## Why did my AHR score increase or decrease when I did not incur additional
violations or take appeal or dispute actions?

The AHR score accurately reflects your account health based on policy
adherence and selling activities over the last 180 days. You may see your AHR
score increase as points associated with violations move out of the 180-day
period and your AHR score may decrease as orders fulfilled move out of the
180-day period. For more details on which violations are contributing to your
AHR, go to the [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) page. To learn more
about the policies included in AHR, go to [Policies included in Account Health
Rating](/gp/help/GQ5DSES264XVXNX7).

