---
title: Add, update, view, and verify your bank account information
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Whenever you add or change your bank account information, a
three-day security hold goes into effect. Fund transfers cannot be initiated
until the hold expires, including those from any settlement cycles that close
during the hold period. We recommend that you do not update your bank account
within three days of your next regularly scheduled disbursement to avoid any
delays in payments. Only the primary account owner can make changes related to
payment information.

## Add your bank account information

  

  1. Go to **Settings** and click **Account Info**.
  2. On the **Seller Account Information** page, under **Payment Information** , click **Deposit Methods**.
  3. Click **Add new deposit method**.
  4. Select the appropriate store.
  5. Use the drop-down list to select your **Bank Location Country**.
  6. Enter the information requested in **Where You Will Be Paid**.
  7. If you selected a country with a currency other than the store you are selling in, go to **Currency Conversion Payment Agreement** , click **Agreement** , and read the agreement.
  8. Check the **Currency Conversion Payment Agreement** box to accept the terms of the agreement.
  9. Click **Submit**.

**Note:** To edit your bank account for a store, click **Replace deposit
method**. If you need to edit other bank account information, click **Manage
Deposit Methods**.

If you would like to add an additional deposit method to your account, go to
[Adding more than one bank account](/gp/help/GW2QZPWB284AMMSM).

## Update existing bank account information

  

  1. Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  2. On the **Seller Account Information** page, under **Payment Information** , click **Deposit Methods**.
  3. Click **Replace deposit method**. If you need to edit other bank account information, click **Manage Deposit Methods**.

**Note:** To confirm that your bank account information has been updated, view
the [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView) page in
Seller Central. It may take up to two business days for information to be
updated.

## View your bank account information

To view your account information, go to **Settings** of Seller Central, and
then select [Account Info](/hz/sc/account-information) from the drop-down
menu.

On the **Seller Account Information** page, along with your seller profile and
other information, you can also access payment information (Deposit methods,
Charge methods, Invoiced order payment setting).

Watch the video on [Account
Info](/learn/courses?moduleId=2&sid=SU_SEARCH_2f42f908-8a13-450f-a88f-cc224df29304&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)
for more information.

## Verify your bank account information

  

  1. Go to **Settings** and click **Account Info**.
  2. On the **Seller Account Information** page, under **Payment Information** , click **Deposit Methods**.
  3. On the **Deposit Methods** page, click **Manage Deposit Methods** and find the bank account that you are using to receive disbursements.
  4. On the **Verify Bank Account** page, select **Bank Account Holder Name**.
  5. Click **Upload Bank Statement** to upload your bank document.
  6. Confirm the requirements for verification, and then click **Submit for Verification**. You'll be redirected to the **Manage Deposit Method** page, where the verification status of your bank account will display “In progress.” 

**Note:** Bank account verification may take from 48 to 72 hours to complete.
We'll notify you via email when your bank account has been verified or to
inform you of any additional steps that are required. If you choose to use a
different bank account for verification, or if you add a new bank account for
verification, you must assign the verified bank account to the Amazon.com
store from the **Assign Deposit Method** or **Replace Deposit Method** pages.

## Delete a bank account

  

  1. Go to **Settings** and click **Account Info**.
  2. On the **Seller Account Information** page, under **Payment Information** , click **Deposit Methods**.
  3. On the **Manage Deposit Methods** page, find the bank account and then click **Delete**.

