---
title: Add additional trademarks to your brand
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6
section: General Documentation
---

To get the most out of our automated protections, we recommend that you add
all of your brand’s active registered trademarks to your Amazon Brand Registry
account.

You can add additional trademarks to a currently enrolled brand as long as the
trademarks are issued by an [accepted trademark
office](/help/hub/reference/GHUDSVJLN4U9WY8Z), use the same trademark name,
and are an accepted mark type.

## Accepted mark types for additional trademarks

We currently accept word marks, design marks with mark text, and design-only
marks.

**Note:** The design-only mark type is the only trademark type that is not
accepted for initial enrollment in Brand Registry.

## Accepted trademark statuses for additional trademarks

To add additional trademarks to your account, your brand must have an active
registered trademark or pending trademark with the same mark name.

For more information on accepted trademark statuses, go to [Enrollment
guidelines for accepted trademark
offices](/help/hub/reference/GHUDSVJLN4U9WY8Z).

**Note:** If you initially enrolled in Brand Registry with a pending
trademark, but the trademark has since moved to registered status with the
trademark office, go to [Manage intellectual
property](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/manage-ip) in Brand Registry and
check the **Trademark status**. If this status change is not reflected in
Brand Registry, [Contact Brand
Support](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/cu/contact-us) and choose **Update
your trademark status** from the drop-down menu.

## Add additional trademarks

You can request to add additional trademarks to your brand by going to Brand
Registry and following these steps:  

  1. Click **Manage** and select **Manage intellectual property**. If you have more than one brand enrolled in Brand Registry, select the appropriate brand name from the drop-down menu. 
  2. Click **Connect a trademark**.
  3. Enter the required trademark information and click **Connect trademark**.

To confirm that your request was submitted successfully, click the
**Requests** tab on that page and review the latest trademark entry.

While we are processing your request, we might reach out to verify trademark
ownership.

Once we’ve processed your request, you’ll receive an email with an approval
notice or a reason for rejecting the additional trademark. If the request has
been approved, the trademark will appear under the **Connected** tab. If the
request has been rejected, the trademark will remain under the **Request**
tab.

## Trademark ownership verification

If trademark ownership verification is required to proceed with your request
to add an additional trademark, you’ll receive an email with a request for
your action to complete trademark ownership verification.

To confirm that you’re the owner of the trademark, follow these steps:  

  1. In Brand Registry, click **Manage,** and select **Manage intellectual property**. 
  2. Click the **Requests** tab.
  3. Locate the trademark information in the table and click **Confirm ownership.**
  4. Click **Copy code** to copy the verification code. 
  5. Using the email address listed next to **Contact** , email the verification code to the trademark correspondent.

**Note:** You can click **Copy suggested email** to copy a pre-written email
to send to the trademark correspondent. This email includes relevant
instructions that they’ll need to complete the verification request.

Once you’ve sent the email, the trademark correspondent must use the
verification code to confirm that you’re the trademark owner. The trademark
correspondent has 30 days to confirm your trademark ownership. You’ll receive
an email once your ownership has been verified and the additional trademark
has been connected.

