---
title: Add, delete, and verify your credit or debit card information
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC
section: General Documentation
---

Your financial institution may only allow your credit or debit card to be used
in certain countries. As a result, you may see the same credit or debit card
being honored by Amazon in some of our stores, but not in others. When you
register in Amazon as a seller, it is necessary to enter an internationally
chargeable credit or debit card with a valid billing address located in an
[eligible country](/gp/help/G200405020). Reach out to your financial
institution to determine the countries your card is eligible to be used in.
You can use different credit or debit cards in various Amazon stores. For the
list of accepted credit or debit cards, go to [Bank account and credit or
debit card information for your seller account.](/gp/help/G19791)

**Note:** We do not accept alternative charge methods, such as prepaid cards,
gift certificates, checks, or online payment systems like PayPal.

## Add a credit or debit card

You can add a new credit or debit card by following the steps below:

  * Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  * From **Payment Information** , select **Charge Methods**.
  * If you already have an existing credit or debit card linked with the account, click **Replace Charge Method** for the credit or debit card which you would like to replace, and select the store where you would like to assign a new charge method. Click **Replace**.
  * If you are adding a new credit or debit card for the first time, select an option to **Add new charge method**. Select the store for which you would like to add this new charge method and click **Add**. Enter the requested information exactly as it appears on your credit or debit card statement.

To learn how to update your credit or debit card information and submit
exceptions for specific stores in your Amazon Marketplace account, go to
[Update credit or debit card information](/gp/help/G202131360) and
[Registration requirements by store](/gp/help/G201468460).

**Important:** When you enter a new card or assign a previously added card to
a store, Amazon may ask your financial institution to authorize a charge for a
small amount. Amazon will not actually make the charge. We will complete the
authorization process for all Amazon stores where you are registered to sell.
Depending on your financial institution, the authorization may or may not show
up as a pending charge. The authorization should disappear from your credit or
debit card statement in 3-5 business days, subject to your financial
institution’s policies.

**Note:** To prevent your card from being used by any unauthorized party on
Amazon, your financial institution may ask you to complete a security
verification before authorizing your credit or debit card. In this case, you
may be asked to enter a unique security code before completing the
verification. The code will be sent to you either via SMS, email, or token,
depending on your financial institution. Alternatively, your financial
institution may ask you to verify the transaction using finger-print or facial
recognition technology, if you have this setup already.

## Credit or debit card verification process

Usually, it will take less than two minutes for us to verify your credit card.
However, depending on your card issuer and network, it can take up to 48 hours
for Amazon to update your seller account with any new credit or debit card
information. Note that, in some instances, you may be redirected to your
financial institution to verify your card with a security challenge before
being redirected back to Amazon. A separate security challenge may be surfaced
to verify that you are the card holder for each card you provide to Amazon,
and for each store you would like to sell in.

**Note:** If your credit or debit card fails the verification, you will see a
banner in your seller account informing that a valid credit or debit card is
needed in order for you to continue selling on Amazon. You will also receive
an email after the verification failure. If your credit or debit card is
listed as invalid, you will not be able to manage your listing, inventory,
shipment, or receive disbursements from Amazon.

If there is a problem with your security verification, you can retry your
verification by following the prompts in your **Charge methods** , and ensure
that:

  * The name entered and the name on your card matches. The financial institution will send a code only to the card’s owner.
  * You entered the correct code, as prompted. A common mistake is to enter the phone number from which the code is sent from, instead of the code.
  * Your personal information on **Account Info** is up-to-date.

**Note:** A verification failure can occur on a card that has worked in the
past if the card is close to or has passed its expiration date, or additional
changes or restrictions are applied to the card by its financial institution
or the card owner. For example, you might have updated your billing address,
or your bank decided to not honor the usage of your card on Amazon. We
recommend trying a different card or contacting your financial institution for
assistance or visit your local branch, as they might be able to provide
further details on the problem with your verification. Then try completing the
process again.

## Credit or debit card listed as invalid

We verify your credit or debit card based on the following requirements.
Violating one or more of the requirements below will result in your card being
denied by Amazon.

  * The number you entered should match the number on your credit or debit card.
  * The billing address you entered should match the billing address on your credit or debit card statement.
  * The CVV code you entered should match the code on your credit or debit card.
  * The card expiration date should be at least 6 months from when you add the card.
  * The card holder’s name you entered should match the card holder’s name on your credit or debit card (in the Latin-script alphabet).
  * The card should not be a prepaid, virtual, or gift card.
  * The card should be chargeable in the currency of the Amazon store(s) for which the card is being provided.
  * The card should have adequate credit limit to pay for the charge.
  * If you were asked to enter a unique security code by your financial institution, the code you entered should match the code sent to the card holder via SMS, email, or token.

If your card meets all the requirements above but is still listed as invalid,
we recommend trying a different card or contacting your financial institution
for assistance. Before that, check the [list of accepted credit or debit
cards](/gp/help/G19791). If you have tried at least two different credit or
debit cards that meet all the requirements and yet all of them were denied,
reach out to Amazon Selling Partner Support for assistance.

## Delete a credit or debit card

If your credit or debit card is not being used as the charge method in any of
the Amazon stores where you sell, you can delete the card following the steps
below:

  * Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  * From **Payment Information** , select **Charge methods**.
  * Click **Manage charge method** to view all the credit or debit cards that you have added.
  * Click **Delete** to remove a credit or debit card.

**Note:** If a card is currently associated with any of the Amazon stores, it
will show up as "Active" and cannot be deleted.

