---
title: Adding more than one bank account
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GW2QZPWB284AMMSM
section: General Documentation
---

You can add and receive disbursements to multiple valid bank accounts.
Previously, sellers were restricted to onboard and assign a single deposit
method per store. Replacing an existing deposit required security hold for
three days in which funds could not be transferred until the hold period
expired. You can add additional deposit methods that will go through our
existing three days security hold at the time it is added and become available
for future use. It provides you with the convenience to switch between active
deposit methods without creating an additional security hold period.

**Note:** If you are selling in the US store, you are eligible to add up to
two bank accounts to your Seller Central account.

To add another deposit method to your Seller Central account, you can follow
the exact same steps when you added your first deposit method.

  * On the **Settings** menu, click **Account Info**.
  * On the **Seller Account Information** page, click **Deposit Methods** in the **Payment Information** section.
  * On the **Deposit Methods** page, click **Assign** to register a new deposit method.
  * Select the country of your bank account in the **Bank Location** country drop-down menu.
  * Enter your bank account information, select the check box if you would like to make it your default deposit method, accept the terms and conditions (if applicable based on Bank Location), and click **Set Deposit Method**.

## Default deposit method:

A default deposit method is where all your funds earned from the US store will
be disbursed. You can only have one default deposit method. A default deposit
method is required to receive funds earned from the US store.

On the **Deposit Methods** page, you have the option to replace your default
deposit method with any other available deposit method for the US store.

  * Select **Replace default deposit method** on the **Deposit Methods** page.
  * On the **Replace default deposit method** page, select any additional deposit method listed for Amazon.com, and click **Set Deposit Method**.

If you would like to use a new deposit method, go to [Add, view, and update
your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W).

**Note:** If you are selling in the US store, you can add up to two deposit
methods to your account. If you are not able to add another deposit method,
you have reached the maximum number allowed. If you would still like to add a
new deposit method, go to the **Manage Deposit Methods** page and delete an
existing account in the US store. You can visit the **Manage Deposit Methods**
page to view all deposit methods across stores added to your Seller Central
account. You can also see deposit methods for a given store when you replace
your default deposit method on the **Deposit Methods** page.

