---
title: After you book with Amazon Global Logistics: Bill of lading, shipment tracking, and changing a booking
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GH34CM95UF7CCXKM
section: General Documentation
---

Once you’ve booked transportation with Amazon Global Logistics, review the
bill of lading (BOL) from your carrier. You can also track your shipment and
possibly change your booking.

For more information, see these Help topics:

[Booking transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE)

[Using Send to Amazon to book transportation with Amazon Global
logistics](/gp/help/GV6DMTQ3AKGYUWWN)

[Product compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF)

[Paying for Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/GZJ4B4HXDUEWP4PC)

[Track your shipments: Shipping Queue and Shipment
Summary](/gp/help/G201022330)

## Review your bill of lading (BOL)

A bill of lading (BOL) is a document issued by a carrier that acknowledges
receipt of cargo for your shipment. A BOL for air freight is also called an
“airway bill.” Amazon Global Logistics will provide your BOL to you once it’s
ready.

**Important:** Review your BOL to ensure that it lists your cargo fully,
accurately, and in accordance with the [commodity
descriptions](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF) that you provided.

**For ocean freight** , your BOL will typically be available to you within
three business days after departure from the origin.

**For air freight** , your BOL will typically be available to you within one
business day after departure from the origin.

Because bookings don’t allow the release of original BOLs, a letter of
guarantee is not required. If you think that you have received an original BOL
in error, complete a letter of guarantee so that your shipment can be
released. We can provide you with a letter of guarantee template, if needed.

## Shipment tracking

To view the status of a shipment, select **Tracking a shipment** under
[Shipment tracking and
changes](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_ShipmentTrackingAndChanges). Then enter
your shipment ID.

If inventory is being distributed to multiple fulfillment centers, you can
track the status of each shipment using the process above.

**Note:** You will be emailed a signed proof of delivery (POD) within seven
business days after your inventory is received at the fulfillment center. It
can take 6 to 10 days after arrival for your shipment to be unloaded and
stored at the fulfillment center, but your items will be available for
fulfillment after that final step.

## Changing a booking

Depending on the status of your shipment, it may be possible to edit your
completed booking. For ocean freight, note that any submissions of the
Automated Manifest System (AMS) after your designated cut-off time will cause
delays in loading the container onto the vessel. Any amendment after
submission will also result in AMS amendment and document amendment fees.

Edit the following:

  * Pickup or drop-off preference
  * Value-added services (for example, palletization)
  * Weight, volume, and box count
  * Exporter of record (EOR) and importer of record (IOR)
  * Origin contact and destination contact

To edit your shipping information and contact details after your shipment
booking is complete, go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-
queue/index.html/ref=ag_xx_cont_fbashipq%20). Click **Work on shipment**.

To edit your shipping information and generate a new quote, do the following:  

  1. Go to **Step 1 - Shipping information** and click **Edit**.
  2. Once you update your information, click **Update quote** to generate a new quote. (Remember that your shipping costs may differ if the estimated weight and volume that you provide does not match the actual weight and volume. Your quote will include costs for both end-to-end freight and for import and export customs clearance. Your quote does not include import taxes or duties, FBA fees, or any additional costs.)
  3. Click **Submit** to approve the updated quote, or click **Cancel** to go back to the original quote.

A cut-off date and time for making edits will appear at the top of **Step 1 -
Shipping information**. If your booking is no longer eligible for editing,
this will also be indicated at the top of the tab.

To edit your contact details, do the following:  

  1. Go to **Step 4 - Contact details** and click **Edit**. 
  2. Edit or add your exporter of record and importer of record, as well as your origin contact and destination contact. You can also designate the primary contact by selecting **Origin contact** or **Destination contact**. 
  3. Click **Submit** to update your contact information, or click **Cancel** to keep your original information.

A cut-off date and time for making edits will appear at the top of **Step 4 -
Contact details**. A message will indicate if your booking can no longer be
edited.

After you have edited your booking, Amazon Global Logistics may contact you to
update documents or gather more information. You may also be prompted in
Seller Central to update and resubmit certain documents.

To **cancel a booking** , [contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_ShipmentTrackingAndChanges) and provide your
shipment ID.

## Returning inventory

Amazon cannot return inventory stored in a fulfillment center to an address
outside the US. To have inventory returned, you must provide a US return
address when creating a [removal order](/gp/help/G200280650).

