---
title: Amazon North American and Brazil stores
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201394090
section: General Documentation
---

With a North America and Brazil Unified Account, you can conveniently switch
in Seller Central between Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx and
Amazon.com.br seller tools to list products and manage orders in multiple
stores. You have the option to list in one or all four of the available North
American and Brazil stores.

**Note:** In August 2023, Brazil was added to the North America Unified
Accounts for sellers based in the United States and China.

The North America and Brazil Unified Account allows you to easily:

  * Share listing information and manage your inventory consistently across Amazon's U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Brazil stores
  * Keep track of orders on multiple North American sales channels in Manage Orders or with one combined Order Report
  * Access tools and services to help you manage your business across the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Brazil stores
  * Pay a single monthly Professional selling plan subscription fee for your North America and Brazil Unified Account*
  * Update account information through a consolidated user interface
  * Get paid to your local bank in your local currency thanks to the [Amazon Currency Converter for sellers](/gp/help/200381250)

*Note: The single monthly Professional selling plan subscription fee is applied based on the Amazon store to which you initially registered. For example, if you initially registered to sell on Amazon.com, your monthly subscription fee is listed on the Amazon.com [Selling on Amazon Fee Schedule](/gp/help/200336920).

##  Managing Inventory in Your North America and Brazil Unified Account

When managing your Amazon inventory across Amazon's United States, Canada,
Mexico and Brazil stores, it is important to understand the difference between
the Global SKU and the store-specific SKU in Seller Central.

## Global SKU

A Global SKU uses a shared inventory pool between the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Brazil. You can create a Global SKU by selecting "**Existing Offer**
" when you go to create an offer in Seller Central. When using a Global SKU,
the total amount of inventory applies to all stores. For example, if you have
100 units of inventory, it will display that there are 100 units in United
States, 100 units in Canada, 100 units in Mexico, and 100 units in Brazil. The
100 applies to all four countries and **DOES NOT** add up to a total of 400
units. If an item sells in Canada, then all stores would show 99 units
available.

**Note:** Pricing is managed separately in each store.

If you are shipping an order yourself, use a Global SKU to manage inventory
across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. Inventory fulfilled by
Amazon is not eligible to list as a Global SKU. Note that if you change a
Global SKU from seller-fulfilled to Amazon-fulfilled, this change will impact
the SKU across every store

**If you are shipping from the United States to Mexico, consider the following
when choosing you shipping carrier:** Not all shipping options deliver the
transit speeds that Amazon customers worldwide have come to expect. For
example, a recent study of orders fulfilled by sellers shipping from the
United States to Mexico showed that approximately 69% of orders shipped via
United States Postal Service (USPS), which uses Correos de MÃ©xico/Servicio
Postal Mexicano (SEPOMEX) for delivery within Mexico, did not meet Amazon's
international shipping transit time requirements. To provide a great customer
experience on shipments from the United States to Mexico, we strongly
recommend that you use other carriers (for example, FedEx, DHL, UPS).

##  Store-specific SKU

A store-specific SKU is managed as a store-level inventory pool, which means
you will manage distinct pools of inventory across the United States, Canada,
Mexico, and Brazil. You can create a store-specific SKU by selecting **Unique
Offer** when you go to create an offer in Seller Central. The listing is
managed separately in each store for both inventory and pricing.

**Note:** If you want to list a product on more than one store, but you want
to fulfill it yourself in one case and fulfill by Amazon in another, you must
create separate SKUs for your seller-fulfilled and Amazon-fulfilled listings.

**If you are using Fulfillment by Amazon** , you can use a store-specific SKU
and manage your inventory in Amazon fulfillment centers in the United States,
Canada, and Mexico as separate pools. Note that inventory going to U.S.
fulfillment centers should be shipped from the Amazon.com section of your
North America Unified Account and vice versa for Canada and Mexico. For
example, if you have a FBA listing on the Canada store, your "Ships from"
address must be in Canada.

**Note:** Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) in Brazil is only available to sellers
with an account based in Brazil

**Note:** When using inventory files in the North America and Brazil Unified
Account, it is critical to upload a value for the quantity of available
inventory units. If the quantity column is left blank, it will be read as "0"
by the system and will change the original listing to display "0" available
units.

## See also

  * [Amazon Fee Schedule](/gp/help/200336920)
  * [Business Information](/gp/help/841)
  * [Sharing Your Available Inventory](/gp/help/200663530)
  * [FBA Shipment Creation Workflow](/gp/help/201021830)
  * [Amazon Currency Converter for sellers](/gp/help/200381250)

