---
title: Amazon Partner Carrier freight class
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUUS7TA8M9Z95P3R
section: General Documentation
---

This page provides information on estimating the required freight class for
less than truckload/truckload (LTL/TL) shipments by [Amazon-partnered
carriers](/gp/help/G201530080).

## Freight class definition and impact

The National Motor Freight Traffic Association (NMFA) defines freight class as
a standardized classification system used to determine the billable weight and
risk of a shipment. Freight class is ranked from 50 to 500 with class 50
incurring the lowest shipping cost and 500 incurring the highest.

## Freight class warnings

Sellers are expected to provide accurate packaging inputs when creating a
shipment. This packaging information triggers a freight class estimate. If
Amazon suspects the freight class of your shipment is too low, a warning will
be displayed showing an Amazon estimated freight class. If you are unsure of
your shipment's freight class, choose the **Estimate my freight class** option
during the **Shipping charges** step of the **Prepare Shipment** workflow.

You will be asked to accept Amazon's estimated freight class. Be aware that
shipments with rejected freight class estimates are subject to further
investigation. Recurring issues with packaging inputs may lead to Amazon
disabling your ability to reject freight class estimates.

**Important:** If your freight class is too low, you will see the following
message: "The freight class you entered is too low. Click **Accept** to use
the freight class estimator tool or click **Reject** to continue with your
current selection. However, repeated inaccurate entries could lead to
chargebacks or suspension from the FBA program."

## Suspension of freight class selection function

If you find you cannot manually enter your freight class, Amazon has likely
temporarily removed this feature due to recurring freight class discrepancies
with your shipments. This privilege will be automatically reinstated
quarterly.

