---
title: Amazon Deals
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202111490
section: General Documentation
---

Sellers with a Professional selling account can create two types of deals:
Lightning Deals and Best Deals.

A Lightning Deal is a time-bound promotional offer where an item receives
special merchandising such as a Deals Badge for a limited number of hours,
usually 4 to 12 hours (as determined by Amazon). If you feature an item as a
Lightning Deal, this might help increase sales and reduce your inventory.

A Best Deal is a time-bound, promotional offer where an item receives special
merchandising such as a Deals Badge for a limited number of days.

You can create two types of deals: Lightning Deal and Best Deal.

If you meet the criteria for a deal:

  1. In the **Deals** dashboard, click [Create a new deal](/merchandising-new/create).

  2. Select a product in your inventory and click **Select**.

  3. Enter the **Schedule** , and click **Continue to next step**.

  4. Click **Continue to next step**.

  5. Click **Submit Deal**.

## Seller eligibility

To be eligible for deals, you must be a professional seller with an overall
rating of at least 4.0-stars. To learn about upgrading to a professional
selling plan, go to [Switch to a Professional selling
plan](/gp/help/201747610).

## Product eligibility

Eligible products are automatically displayed in the **Eligible ASINs**
section of the **Deals Dashboard** when they meet the following criteria
(subject to change based on country and time of year):

  * Quality: Products must have a sales history in Amazon stores and at least a 4-star rating. 
  * Product variations: Deals should include as many product variations as possible (for example, size, color, and style). For some products, such as clothing and shoes, at least 65% of variations should be included in the deal. The pre-determined minimum percentage of product variations is specified when you create the deal. 
  * Category: [Restricted products](/gp/help/200164330) and products that are offensive, embarrassing or otherwise inappropriate are not eligible. Examples of ineligible items include e-cigarettes, alcohol, adult products, medical devices, medicines, and baby formula.
  * Fulfillment method: Products must be Prime-eligible. You can choose either Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) or Seller Fulfilled Prime in [Shipping Settings](/hz/shipping/).
  * Condition: Only items in new condition are eligible for deals. 
  * Seller [Feedback Rating](/gp/seller-rating/pages/feedback-manager.html): You must receive a minimum of five ratings per month
  * and have at least an overall 3.5-star rating.
  * Return Rate: Products with high return rates will be ineligible for deals.
  * Promotional price: You must be compliant with our policy on reference prices and have a validated reference price.

**Note:** Because of other criteria that Amazon is unable to disclose, it is
possible that certain ASINs may not receive a recommendation although they
meet the criteria listed above. Amazon Deals is an invite-only program. If you
do not have an active ASIN recommendation for deals, you may use other
promotion-types like [Price Discounts](/gp/help/G7F8CQ4EJ5YA4272) or
[Coupons](/gp/help/G3QLEV6W2QK84C57).

You can choose to [Create a Deal](/gp/help/202111550) from the list of
eligible ASINs in the **Select Products** tab of the **Deals Dashboard**.
Eligible ASINs are refreshed every week, so an eligible ASIN you see this week
may not necessarily be there next week.

You can choose to [Create a deal](/gp/help/202111550) from the list of
eligible ASINs in the **Select Products** tab of the **Deals Dashboard**. If
you do not see a particular ASIN on the Deals Dashboard, this means it may not
currently eligible to be a Deal. Eligible ASINs are refreshed every week, so a
Deal you see this week may not necessarily be there next week. You can also
consider other options, such as [Coupons](/gp/help/G202189350) and
[Promotions](/gp/help/G60951), if your product is not currently eligible for
Deals.

## Getting the most out of your deals

**Before creating your deal**

  * Rich product detail pages: The way you present your products in Amazon Stores can influence a customer’s buying decision. Get the most out of your deals by ensuring your product pages have meaningful information for customers with high quality images.

See the [Product Style
Guides](/learn/courses?ref_=selleru_athena_c4_m23&courseId=4&moduleId=23&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)
to learn how to create great product detail pages.

  * Enhanced Brand Content: Selling partners with a [Brand Representative or Reseller](/help/hub/reference/GJ84K745AL3R5N3Q) role assigned to a brand in Brand Registry can add [Enhanced Brand Content](/enhanced-content/) to their listings to enhance the product description section with additional images and text. This feature is only available to sellers who have been approved as a Brand Representative or Reseller through the [Amazon Brand Registry process](https://services.amazon.com/brand-registry.html).
  * Surfacing your Deal to the right customers: Make sure that your products are listed in the appropriate category. The category that the ASIN or parent ASIN is listed in on Amazon will also be the category that the Deal will be shown in on the [Today’s Deals](https://www.amazon.com/gp/goldbox/) page. Having your products listed in the correct category will help ensure that it surfaces to the right customers when filtering by department within **Today’s Deals**.
  * Seasonality: All products have an optimal time of year to sell to customers. Choose the week that best optimizes the seasonality of your product.
  * On-Amazon competition: Your Deal might be the best priced product on Amazon, but consider whether the price is competitive to similar products from other brands and sellers.
  * Off-Amazon prices: The suggested price ensures that your product is the best priced product in Amazon Stores. However, consider whether the Deal price is competitive to prices on websites outside of Amazon.

**After creating a deal**

  * Monitor the Status of your Upcoming Deals: Actively monitor your upcoming Deals from the [Deals Dashboard](/merchandising#/dashboard/) in the days leading up to the deal start date to ensure they continue to meet the [eligibility requirements.](/gp/help/202111490) If any of your scheduled Deals becomes suppressed, you must make the appropriate updates to the Deal within the Deals dashboard. See [Troubleshooting Suppressed and Live Deals](/gp/help/GKN9A84DGTYWYHWY) for more information.
  * Avoid making changes to ASINs: For Deals in Upcoming status, avoid making major changes to the ASINs or parent ASIN participating in the Deal. This includes:
    * Pricing Edits: If you lower the price on a participating ASIN, you may also be required to lower the Deal price for the same ASIN to avoid Deal suppression.
    * Delete or Close Listings: Do not change the status of any ASINs participating in Deals to Closed within the **Manage Inventory** page. Doing so will cancel any Deal currently scheduled for that ASIN. Canceled Deals cannot be reactivated.
    * Create new child ASINs: For Deals that include variations, avoid creating or assigning new child ASINs to the variation family after the Deal has been submitted. Doing so will result in the existing Deal to revalidate with the new child ASINs which will cause the Deal to become suppressed or canceled.

##  Useful tips

  * Convert your products to [FBA](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn/courses?ref_=su_courses_c8_m38&courseId=8&moduleId=38&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube) or enroll in [Seller Fulfilled Prime](/help/hub/reference/G201812300).
  * Leverage the [Account Health Dashboard](/performance/dashboard?_encoding=UTF8&ref_=ag_srsumprf_anav_srnavbar) and [Customer Feedback Manager](/gp/seller-rating/pages/feedback-manager.html?ref=sp_st_nav_sphcfdbk) to ensure your account is in good standing and is maintaining a high feedback rating.

