---
title: Amazon Handmade terms and conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817290
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Handmade is a store with handcrafted products, made by Handmade sellers
("Makers"). Amazon uses an application process to add new makers to the
Handmade category to ensure customers are able to buy with confidence.

The following terms supplement the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) and govern your participation in the [Amazon
Handmade program](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/handmade.html).

To learn about Amazon Handmade program and product eligibility, see [Amazon
Handmade](/gp/help/G201817090). We reserve the right to update these terms.

## Fees

Enrollment in and approval to sell in the Amazon Handmade store comes with a
waiver of the Professional selling fee ($39.99) for makers that are approved
to sell in the Handmade category.

Makers will pay a referral fee on each item sold. See [Amazon Handmade:
Referral fees](/gp/help/G201814220) for more details on referral fees.

## Copyright, trademark, and other related policies

You must comply with all federal, state, and local laws as well as Amazon
policies applicable to your products and product listings. You may not violate
the Intellectual Property (IP) rights of brands or other rights owners.

For more information on Amazonâ€™s policy regarding Intellectual Property, see
[Intellectual Property Policy for sellers](/gp/help/G201361070).

**Note:** We recommend registering with [Amazon Brand
Registry](/gp/help/G202130410). Amazon Brand Registry helps makers protect
registered trademarks on Amazon and creates an accurate and trusted experience
for customers.

## Protecting Handmade integrity

Amazon reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to conduct a review of
products and the makers listing them in the Handmade store. As part of that
review, we reserve the right to remove listings, makers that do not comply
with Amazon, or Handmade specific guidelines and policies. Any maker impacted
by a removal from Amazon will be notified, and in most cases, will have the
option to appeal an enforcement decision.

Makers will receive enforcement notifications via [Performance
Notification](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/performance/notifications) in
Seller Central and will include details on what is needed by Amazon to conduct
an audit, as well as the timeframe in which the maker will need to provide
Amazon with this information.

Makers who repeatedly attempt to circumvent decisions or actions taken by
Amazon Handmade, may see their ability to sell in the Handmade store
permanently revoked.

## Listing requirements

All listings must adhere to all Amazon listing policies and Handmade listing
requirements guide, as documented in [Amazon Handmade: Category listing
policies & requirements](/gp/help/GNGMMFQ5FPLJFBJP).

## Customization data

Makers selling customized goods are subject to the [Customization Program
terms for sellers](/gp/help/G201823150).

## Handmade returns, refunds, restocking, and order cancellation

Sellers of handmade products must comply with all [Amazon Handmade: Returns,
refunds, restocking fees, and cancellations policies](/gp/help/G201817830) as
well as the [Amazon Handmade: Best practices for fulfilling
orders](/gp/help/G201835090).

## Information sharing

In addition to any information sharing agreement through the Amazon Services
Business Solution Agreement, you agree that by creating a [Maker Profile
page](/handmade/profile-edit), any information about you or your products
(including images of you or your products) can be shareable by Amazon
customers through websites, mobile applications, and other online points of
presence.

## Imaging

Your use of any service we offer to photograph your products is subject to the
[Amazon Imaging Services terms and conditions](/gp/help/201610120).

## News announcements and press releases

Makers conducting their own PR activities, either independently or through a
contracted agency, that include any mention of Amazon or Amazon Handmade,
should engage our Amazon Handmade PR team to review their content two-weeks
before issuing an announcement or press release. Contact Handmade support via
Contact Us and they will connect you with someone from the Handmade PR team.
Send a draft of your release in a Word document, which may also be routed to
and reviewed by internal Amazon stakeholders as appropriate. A Handmade PR
representative will contact you.

