---
title: Amazon Seller Wallet Terms & Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G48JF654VVTLX9K7
section: General Documentation
---

**Seller Wallet Customer Agreement**

Updated August 28, 2023

The version of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement in English is the
definitive legal version. We may make available translations of these terms
and conditions, but the English language version controls.

**By registering for one or more Seller Wallet accounts or accessing or using
the Seller Wallet products and services (collectively, the "Seller Wallet
Service") provided by Amazon Payments, Inc. ("we" "us" or "our"), the
applicant (if registering as an individual) or the business employing the
applicant (if registering as a business) ("you" or "your") accepts and agrees
to be bound by this agreement (the "Seller Wallet Customer Agreement"). The
Seller Wallet Service is an optional service provided in connection with the
Selling on Amazon service, under the terms and conditions provided in this
Seller Wallet Customer Agreement. This Seller Wallet Customer Agreement is
separate from and in addition to the  **[**Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement**](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G1791?language=en-
US)** (the “BSA”) or any other Amazon seller services agreement, which governs
your offering of products for purchase through
**[**www.amazon.com**](http://www.amazon.com)** (the “Site”). You may not use
or access the Seller Wallet Service unless you agree to this Seller Wallet
Customer Agreement.**

**General Terms**

**        1\. Application; Amendment**

****1.1       ****Description of Service.  ****The Seller Wallet Service is a
stored value or prepaid access product, to be used solely for commercial or
business purposes, that enables you (so long as you have a seller account to
sell on the Site in good standing in accordance with the BSA and have
registered for the Seller Wallet Service) to (a) store your Sales Proceeds (as
defined under the BSA) from sales on the Site in a virtual account provided by
us (a “**Seller Wallet Account** ”), (b) transfer some or all of such funds
from your Seller Wallet Account to bank accounts issued to you or your point
of contact you designated in Seller Central by a deposit-taking bank or to a
bank account managed by a Payment Service Provider that participates in
Amazon’s Payment Service Provider Program (a “**Transfer to Your External
Account** ”), and (c) make payments from such funds to third-party payees
(“**Payees** ”) for commercial or business purposes in connection with your
Amazon seller account (a “**Third-Party Payment** ”), in each case, in
jurisdictions and currencies supported by the banks we use to provide you the
Seller Wallet Service, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and/or other banks
we designate from time to time (each a “**Bank Service Provider** ”).

  

**1.2      ****Structure and Application of Agreement.** Section 6
(Indemnification), Section 7 (Disclaimer & General Release), Section 8
(Limitation of Liability), Section 11 (Confidentiality and Personal Data),
Section 14 (Suggestions and Other Information), and Section 16 (Password
Security) of the BSA and all associated definitions are incorporated herein by
reference and, for the avoidance of doubt and for purposes of such
incorporated sections, the Seller Wallet Service will be considered a
“Service” (as defined in the BSA).  This Seller Wallet Customer Agreement
applies if (a) you access the Seller Wallet Service, (b) you choose to store
Sales Proceeds from your sales on the Site in your Seller Wallet Account, (c)
you make or initiate Transfers to Your External Accounts from your Seller
Wallet Account or (d) you make or initiate Third-Party Payments from your
Seller Wallet Account.

  
**1.3      Amendment****.  ** We may modify this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement or the Seller Wallet Service at any time and solely at our
discretion. Any changes (a) for legal, regulatory, fraud and abuse prevention,
or security reasons; (b) to change existing features or add additional
features to the Seller Wallet Service (where this does not materially
adversely affect your use of the Seller Wallet Service); or (c) to restrict
products or activities that we deem unsafe, inappropriate, or offensive will
be effective upon the posting of such changes on the Site or Seller Central
(as defined in the BSA). Any other changes will be effective 15 days after the
posting of such changes on the Site or Seller Central. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF
THE SELLER WALLET SERVICE AFTER ANY SUCH CHANGES HAVE BECOME EFFECTIVE WILL
CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO ANY CHANGES TO THE SELLER WALLET SERVICE AND/OR THIS SELLER WALLET
CUSTOMER AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT CONTINUE TO USE THE SELLER WALLET SERVICE.
You will be subject to the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement in force at the
time that you use the Seller Wallet Service, unless any change to this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement is required to be made by Law or government
authority (in which case it will apply to all usage of the Seller Wallet
Service as required by that Law or government authority).

  

**        2\. Registration**

**2.1     ****Eligibility.** To register for and use the Seller Wallet
Service, you must have an Amazon seller account that is in good standing to
sell on the Site in accordance with the BSA.  We may refuse at any time and
for any reason to provide the Seller Wallet Service to anyone.

  

**2.2      Creating a Seller Wallet Account****.** To use the Seller Wallet
Service, you will be asked to register for a Seller Wallet Account and you may
be asked to provide details about your business, the point of contact for your
business, the beneficial owners of your business, and/or your bank accounts.
At our election, you may be asked to provide details for a bank account
directly issued to you by a deposit-taking bank.  You will also be asked to
verify your bank accounts through the process outlined on Seller Central.  The
information you provide at registration and other information that you have
previously provided or later provide to us or our Affiliates (as defined in
the BSA) may be collected, used, and retained by us and our Affiliates and
shared with the Bank Service Provider for the purposes described in the
Amazon.com Privacy Notice, including, without limitation, to conduct know-
your-customer, anti-money laundering and sanctions checks and to allow the
Bank Service Provider to process Transfers to Your External Accounts and
Third-Party Payments. Seller Wallet Accounts will be linked to your seller
account, but will not be linked to any Amazon personal account or Amazon
business account that you may have now or in the future.



**2.3      ****Verification.** We may at any time require you to provide
additional information to verify your identity before we permit you to access
some or all of the features of the Seller Wallet Service. That information may
include without limitation your social security number or employer
identification number, information about the ownership of your business, or
other financial, business or personal information. We may make, directly or
through third parties, inquiries to validate information that you provide to
us.

  

**2.4      Communication****.** The email address associated with your seller
account will be used for communication with you regarding your Seller Wallet
Account.  You agree to ensure your email address for your seller account
remains up-to-date.  



**        3\. Your Seller Wallet Account**

**3.1      ****Use of Account.** Seller Wallet Accounts may be used only for
commercial or business purposes and may not be used for personal, family or
household purposes.

  

**3.2      ****Accessing Your Seller Wallet Account****.** Your Seller Wallet
Account may be accessed through Seller Central using the login information for
your Amazon seller account. You may be required to verify your e-mail address
depending on features of the Seller Wallet Service that you would like to use.
You also may be prompted to answer several security questions or be issued
access keys or credentials that may be used to enable access to the Seller
Wallet Service and authorize transactions.



**3.3      ****Receipt of Funds.** When you register for the Seller Wallet
Service, your Seller Wallet Account will automatically become the account to
which we remit Sales Proceeds for the Site.  You may change your default
remittance account at any time on Seller Central.  If your Seller Wallet
Account is your default remittance account on Seller Central, subject to
restrictions described in this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and in other
agreements between you and us or our Affiliates (including Section 2 of the
BSA), the applicable Amazon entity will remit funds to you in accordance with
and subject to our agreements and policies governing remittances, disbursement
and reserves, including Section S-5 and the Transaction Processing Service
Terms in the BSA.

**3.4      Account Balances****.**  


**3.4.1       **You may hold funds in your Seller Wallet Account (your
"**Balance** ") subject to the terms of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement.
The only funds you may hold in your Seller Wallet Account are Sales Proceeds
from Your Transactions on the Site.  All funds held in your Seller Wallet
Account are held in U.S. Dollars.  You are not required to maintain a Balance
to use the Seller Wallet Service.



**3.4.2       **Amazon Payments, Inc. will hold your funds in its name for
your benefit as your custodian or agent in one or more custodial bank accounts
opened with the Bank Service Provider. Your Balance will be combined in the
custodial accounts with the funds of other users of the Seller Wallet
Services, and may be invested, or used for other purposes permitted by
applicable Laws.  We will maintain a record of your ownership of the funds
held in those custodial accounts.



**3.4.3       **Your Balance is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation.  



**3.4.4       **You will not receive interest or any other earnings on your
Balance; all interest and other earnings from accounts in which your Balance
is held belong to us.  To the extent required by applicable Laws, we will not
use any funds held on your behalf for our corporate purposes, will not
voluntarily make such funds available to our creditors in the event of
bankruptcy or for any other purpose, and will not knowingly permit our
creditors to attach your Balance.



**3.5      Account Limits; Availability of Funds****.**  

  

**3.5.1       **Your Seller Wallet Account may be subject to certain limits,
which may affect your ability to receive Sales Proceeds from your seller
account and make Transfers to Your External Accounts or Third-Party Payments.
Any limits may be modified at any time in our sole discretion, and may not be
disclosed to you. These limits may be affected by several factors, including,
without limitation, our assessment of the risk associated with your Seller
Wallet Account, the information you provide, our ability to verify your
account information, and requirements of Law.



**3.5.2       **In addition to account limits, we may restrict transactions to
or from your Seller Wallet Account or limit access to funds in your Seller
Wallet Account in an amount and for a period of time we deem necessary to
protect us or others, including, without limitation, (a) if you have violated
any term of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement or the BSA, (b) if any
dispute exists involving your Seller Wallet Account or transaction conducted
in connection with your Seller Wallet Account, (c) to protect the security of
our systems, or (d) if required by Law or court order or if otherwise
requested by law enforcement or any governmental entity. We may inspect your
Seller Wallet Account for any reason.



**3.5.3       **If we are notified of a court order or other legal process
(including garnishment or any equivalent process) affecting you, or if we
otherwise believe we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable
Law, we may be required to take certain actions, including delaying,
suspending or ceasing the transfer of Sales Proceeds to your Seller Wallet
Account, Transfers to your External Accounts or Third-Party Payments, placing
a reserve or limitation on your Seller Wallet Account, or releasing some or
all of your Balance. We will decide, in our sole discretion, which action is
required of us. We do not have an obligation to contest or appeal any court
order or legal process involving you or your Seller Wallet Account.



**3.6      ****Account History.** When a remittance is made to your Seller
Wallet Account or a Transfer to Your External Accounts or Third-Party Payment
is authorized or made from your Seller Wallet Account, we will update your
account activity on the Seller Wallet Service interface on Seller Central (the
“**Seller Wallet Site** ”) and provide you a transaction confirmation. The
confirmation will serve as your receipt. Except as required by Law, you are
solely responsible for (a) compiling and retaining permanent records of all
transactions and other data associated with your Seller Wallet Account and
your use of the Seller Wallet Service and (b) reconciling and monitoring all
money movement into and out of your Seller Wallet Account and all
transactional information associated with your Seller Wallet Account.
Summaries of Seller Wallet Account activity are available on the Seller Wallet
Site.  You agree to notify us of any error in the transaction history for your
Seller Wallet Account within sixty (60) days of the date that a transaction
appears (or you believe should have appeared) on your transaction history.

  

**3.7      ****Authorized and Unauthorized Account Activity.** We may require
you to verify your identity when you access your Seller Wallet Account, and
from time to time when you use certain features of the Seller Wallet Service,
via one-time security codes sent to the mobile number or registered email
associated with your Amazon seller account. It is important that you maintain
the security of your Amazon seller account login information and the mobile
number or registered email that we use to verify your identity. You consent to
the use of such security procedures and agree that such security procedures
are commercially reasonable to confirm the validity of your instructions and
that such security procedures are not designed to prevent duplicate or
erroneous transactions. You are responsible for all Transfers to Your External
Accounts and Third-Party Payments initiated from your Seller Wallet Account,
regardless of whether you have authorized (or properly authorized) the
transaction. We will be entitled to rely upon any Transfer to Your External
Account or Third-Party Payment initiated from your Seller Wallet Account, and
you agree that we are not responsible for any losses you may incur as a result
of such a transaction whether or not authorized by you, including due to the
loss or compromise of your login or other account verification information or
other fraud by a third party resulting in a transfer or payment from your
Seller Wallet Account.  If you believe that there is an error or unauthorized
transaction or activity associated with your Seller Wallet Account, you should
contact us immediately through Seller Central.

  

**3.8      ****Compliance with Law and Specifications.** You will at all times
adhere to all Laws applicable to your use of the Seller Wallet Service.
**Without limiting the foregoing, you may not act as a payment intermediary,
aggregator or service bureau or otherwise resell the Seller  ****Wallet
Service or use it on behalf of any third party, including without limitation
the handling, processing, and transmission of funds for any third party.**
Please review our [Acceptable Use Policy](https://pay.amazon.com/us/help/6023)
for a list of prohibited activities.  

  

**3.9      ****Dormant Accounts.** If there is no activity (as determined by
us) in your Seller Wallet Account for the period of time set forth in the
applicable unclaimed property Laws and you have a Balance or funds due to you
in connection with your seller account ("**Seller Account Funds** "), we will
notify you by sending an e-mail to your registered e-mail address and give you
the option of keeping your Seller Wallet Account open and maintaining the
Balance or Seller Account Funds or using the Balance or Seller Account Funds
as permitted by this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement. We may also provide
notice via U.S. mail to the primary address we have on file for you. If you do
not respond to our notice(s) within the time period specified in the
notice(s), we will automatically close your Seller Wallet Account and send
your Balance or Seller Account Funds, which we will treat as unclaimed funds,
to your state of residency, as determined from your primary address. If your
address is unknown or registered in a foreign country, your funds will be sent
to the state of Delaware.

  

**        4. ****Transfers and Payments from Your Seller Wallet  
**

**4.1      ****Your Authorization.** You authorize us to hold funds on your
behalf and to make Transfers to Your External Account or a Third-Party Payment
from your Seller Wallet Account in accordance with your payment instructions.
Your authorization permits us to (a) debit or credit your Balance and (b)
process Transfers to Your External Account or Third-Party Payments by
generating a paper draft, an electronic funds transfer, or a wire transfer, as
applicable. We may make, directly or through third parties, inquiries to
validate payment instruction information that you provide to us. We may share
information about you, your Transfers to Your External Accounts, your Third-
Party Payments, your Payees, and/or Your Transactions (as defined in the BSA)
with the Bank Service Provider as required to complete these transactions, or
to otherwise manage risk and comply with applicable Law.

  

**4.2      ****General Provisions.  **We have no obligation to accept and may
reject any instruction you give to transfer funds to any account in our sole
discretion for any reason, including if we believe such account does not
comply with this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement or the BSA, or if the Bank
Service Provider has rejected the transaction. We will provide notice of any
such rejection via the Seller Wallet Site, email notification, or both. You
may not amend, cancel or reverse any payment instruction for a Transfer to
Your External Account or a Third-Party Payment from Your Seller Wallet Account
following submission to us.

  

**4.3      ****Our Role.** Our role is limited to remitting funds to your
Seller Wallet Account pursuant to the terms of the BSA, receiving and holding
your Balance prior to Transfer to Your External Account or Third-Party
Payment, as applicable, from your Seller Wallet Account, and using the Bank
Service Provider to process Transfers to Your External Accounts and Third-
Party Payments from your Seller Wallet Account that you initiate. We are not a
bank, the Seller Wallet Account is not a bank account, and we do not offer,
and the Seller Wallet Services are not, banking services. Neither this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement nor your use of the Seller Wallet Service creates a
debtor-creditor relationship between us and you. We use the services of one or
more third parties to provide the Seller Wallet Service and process your
transactions.

  

**4.4      ****Permitted Transfers and Payments.**

  

**4.4.1      ****Transfers to Your External Accounts**. Transfers to Your
External Accounts may be made only to a bank account issued to you. By
initiating a Transfer to Your External Account, you represent and warrant to
us that the applicable bank account receiving the Transfer is held in the same
name as your Seller Wallet Account, was issued to you, and that you have
authority over such account. Your account receiving a Transfer must be in a
jurisdiction, and be able to receive funds in a currency, listed on the
[Seller Wallet Currency
Schedules](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S).

  

**4.4.2      ****Third-Party Payments**. Using the Seller Wallet Service, you
may make Third-Party Payments to US-dollar denominated bank accounts held by
financial institutions in the United States, which we will facilitate through
the Automated Clearing House (“**ACH** ”) network, and to US denominated bank
accounts held by financial institutions in Hong Kong, which we will facilitate
by wire transfer, and such other Third-Party Payments as may be determined by
us from time to time and communicated to you via the Seller Wallet Site.

  

**4.4.3      ****Your Responsibilities as an Originator of ACH Entries**.

  

**4.4.3.1   **When you instruct us to initiate a Third-Party Payment via ACH
from your Seller Wallet Account, you are an Originator of an ACH credit entry,
authorizing us to act as a Third-Party Sender, and the Bank Service Provider
to act as the Originating Depository Financial Institution on your behalf
(Originator, Third-Party Sender, and Originating Depository Financial
Institution each as defined in the Nacha Operating Rules (“**Rules** ”). By
authorizing a Third-Party Payment made through the ACH, you agree to be bound
by the Rules, including maintaining the security of Payee information and not
using the Seller Wallet Service to initiate any ACH entries that violate Laws.
You acknowledge and agree that we or the Bank Service Provider may reverse
your Third-Party Payment as permitted by the Rules. You may access the Rules
at the Nacha website: <https://www.nachaoperatingrulesonline.org/?qr=1>.

  

**4.4.3.2   **You represent and warrant the following with respect to each
Third-Party Payment, as required by the Rules: (a) the payment is authorized
both by you and the Payee in the manner required by the Rules and the Payee’s
authorization has not been terminated; (b) the Payee’s authorization complies
with the laws and payment system rules of the country or region where the
Payee’s financial institution is located and with US Legal Requirements (as
defined in the Rules), including under the program administered by the U.S.
Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and the
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, (c) you have no knowledge that the Payee
has revoked its authorization or terminated its agreement with the bank where
it maintains the account designated for crediting, (d) the payment is for
commercial or business purposes only and is on your own behalf (and not on
behalf of any third party), (e) your authorization includes all information
requested by Amazon and that is required for us to initiate the credit ACH
entry and that all such information you have provided is complete and
accurate; and (f) the payment complies with all applicable Rules and does not
violate the laws of the United States.

  

**4.4.3.3   **Amazon may audit your compliance with the terms of this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement and the Bank Service Provider may audit your
compliance with the Rules in connection with your Third-Party Payments. You
agree to cooperate with any request we may make for information about any
Third-Party Payment, and your compliance with this Seller Wallet Agreement or
the Rules. You agree to provide us such information within two business days
of any such request.

  

**4.4.3.4   **You acknowledge and agree that (a) Third-Party Payments may be
transmitted through the ACH network, (b) your rights and obligations related
to a Third-Party Payment are governed by the laws of the State of Washington,
(c) the credit provided to the Payee for a Third-Party Payment is a
provisional credit until the Payee’s financial institution has received final
settlement of the payment and (d) if the Payee’s financial institution does
not receive the Third-Party Payment, the Payee’s financial institution can
receive a refund from the Payee and you will not be considered to have paid
the amount of the Third-Party Payment.



**4.5           ****Additional Requirements for Third-Party Payments.**   When
you add a Payee to your Seller Wallet Account, you represent and warrant that
all Payee details (including bank account and routing information) are correct
and you agree that Amazon is not responsible for duplicate Third-Party
Payments or other erroneous Third-Party Payments that we initiate based on
instructions we receive through your Seller Wallet Account. You also agree
that any duplicate or erroneous Third-Party Payments may not be reversible,
and that Amazon, the Bank Service Provider and the recipient’s bank may rely
on the payment instructions and information you provide. If the instructions
you provide for a Third-Party Payment describes the Payee inconsistently by
name and designated account number, payment transmitted to the receiving bank
may be made on the basis of the account number you provide, and that no such
inconsistency shall excuse your liability for such Third-Party Payment. If we
notify you that information in your instruction to make a Third-Party Payment
is incorrect or incomplete, you must make the correcting or completing changes
to such information within two days of receipt of such notice and, in any
event, prior to initiating another Third-Party Payment to the applicable
Payee’s account.

  

**4.6          ****Transaction Limits.**   We may delay, suspend or reject a
Transfer to Your External Account or a Third-Party Payment from a Seller
Wallet Account for any reason, including without limitation if we suspect the
transaction subjects us to financial or security risk or is unauthorized,
fraudulent, suspicious, unlawful, in violation of the terms of this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement, subject to dispute, or otherwise unusual. We or the
Bank Service Provider may impose limitations on the size and/or frequency of
Transfers to Your External Accounts or Third-Party Payments from the Seller
Wallet Account. Seller Wallet Accounts may not send funds to other seller
accounts or to Amazon personal or business accounts.

  

**4.7          ****Cross-Currency Transfers.**   When you elect to make a
cross-currency Transfer to Your External Account from your Seller Wallet
Account, you are only asking us to change the currency in which we make such
Transfer to Your External Account (and any necessary reversal of a Transfer to
Your External Account) to the currency of the country/region in which the
applicable bank account is located ("**Your Bank Location Currency** ") rather
than USD. Payment is not being tendered in one currency and being received
from us in another currency.

  

**4.8          ****Applicable Exchange Rate.**   Any conversion from or to
Your Bank Location Currency using the Seller Wallet Service will take place at
the exchange rate applied by the Bank Service Provider at the time we initiate
the Transfer to Your External Accounts or reversal of a Transfer to Your
External Accounts, which incorporates and reflects all fees and charges for
payment in the currency you select (**"Applicable Exchange Rate"**). The Bank
Service Provider will then facilitate the conversion of the currency of each
Transfer to Your External Accounts or reversal of a Transfer to Your External
Accounts from or to Your Bank Location Currency. Exchange rates fluctuate
under market conditions that are not under our control, so the Applicable
Exchange Rate for each Transfer to Your External Accounts or reversal of a
Transfer to Your External Accounts might be different. The Applicable Exchange
Rate only applies at the time of each Transfer to Your External Accounts or
reversal of a Transfer to Your External Accounts and may change for future
Transfers to Your External Accounts or reversal of a Transfer to Your External
Accounts.



**4.9           ****Estimated Exchange Rate.**   In addition, we may show an
estimated amount in Your Bank Location Currency for each contemplated or
pending Transfer to Your External Accounts or reversal of a Transfer to Your
External Accounts, based on one or more publicly available reference or
indicative exchange rates available to us at the time we estimate the amount
(the **"Estimated Exchange Rate"**). Please also note that the Estimated
Exchange Rate may differ from the Applicable Exchange Rate due to fluctuations
under market conditions that are not under our control.



**4.10           ****No Liability for Exchange Rates.**   Amazon will have no
liability, and you bear the risk, if the Estimated Exchange Rate differs from
the Applicable Exchange Rate.

  

**4.11       ****Indemnity.**   Without limiting Section 1.2 above, you shall
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Amazon and our officers, directors,
employees and agents, from and against any third-party claim, loss, damage,
settlement, cost, expense or other liability (including attorneys’ fees), that
result directly or indirectly from your breach of a representation, warranty
or covenant of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement, including any violation
of the Rules by you, or in connection with, arising out of or related to an
ACH entry we initiate pursuant to an instruction for a Third-Party Payment
from your Seller Wallet Account.

  

**        5\. Payment Terms**

**5.1      ****Fees.** You agree to pay the applicable fees listed on the [Fee
Schedule](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
("**Fees** ") whenever you use our Seller Wallet Service. We reserve the right
to change our Fees at any time. All Balances and all fees, charges, and
payments collected or paid through the Seller Wallet Service are denominated
in U.S. currency. All Fees are charged at the time we process a transaction.
Amazon is not responsible for any additional fees that may be charged by your
bank in connection with Transfers to Your External Accounts or your Payee’s
bank in connection with any Third-Party Payment.

  

**5.2      ****Set-off and Collection Rights.** In the event your Balance
becomes negative, such negative Balance represents an amount owed to us and
you authorize us to deduct such amount from any Sales Proceeds that would
otherwise be transferred to you.  Additionally, we may set-off or deduct any
amount you owe us or our Affiliates from your Balance. You authorize us to
debit your Seller Wallet Account for any such amounts, including those related
to chargebacks, reversed transactions and buyer disputes.  If we are unable or
do not wish in our sole discretion to set-off any amount you owe us or our
Affiliates, you will immediately pay us, upon demand, such amount. You also
agree to pay all costs and expenses associated with collection in addition to
the amount collected, including without limitation any applicable interest,
attorneys' fees, court costs, collection agency fees, and other legal
expenses.

  

**5.3      ****Processing Errors.** If there is an error in the processing of
any transaction to or from your Seller Wallet Account, you authorize us to
debit or credit your Seller Wallet Account and/or your Sales Proceeds if
necessary to correct such error. If we are unable to debit your Seller Wallet
Account and/or your Sales Proceeds for any reason, you authorize us to submit
the debit, plus any applicable fees, to any other bank account or payment
instrument that you have on file with us or our Affiliates.  

  

**5.4      Taxes****.** You are responsible for determining any and all taxes
and duties assessed, incurred, or required to be collected, paid, or withheld
for any reason in connection with your use of the Seller Wallet Service or the
Seller Wallet Site or any transactions completed in connection therewith or
otherwise in connection with any action, inaction, or omission by you or any
affiliate of yours, or any of your or their respective employees, agents,
contractors, or representatives ("**Taxes** "). You also are responsible for
collecting, withholding, reporting, and remitting correct Taxes to the
appropriate tax authority. We and our Affiliates are not obligated to
determine whether taxes apply and are not responsible for calculating,
collecting, reporting, or remitting any taxes to any tax authority arising
from any transaction. Information about you and your transactions using the
Seller Wallet Service may be reported to the Internal Revenue Service if
required by Law.

  



Each party will be responsible, as required under applicable Law, for
identifying and paying all taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and
any penalties, interest, and other additions thereto) that are imposed on that
party upon or with respect to the transactions and payments under this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement. All fees payable by you under this Seller Wallet
Customer Agreement are exclusive of applicable taxes and duties, including,
without limitation, VAT, goods and services tax, sales & use tax, excise
taxes, sales and transaction taxes, and gross receipts taxes (“**Indirect
Taxes** ”). You will provide such information to Amazon as reasonably required
to determine whether Amazon is obligated to collect Indirect Taxes from you.
Amazon shall not collect, and you shall not pay, any such Indirect Tax or duty
for which you have furnished Amazon a properly completed exemption certificate
or a direct payment permit certificate or for which Amazon may claim an
available exemption from Indirect Tax. All payments made by you to Amazon
under this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement will be made free and clear of any
withholding or deduction for taxes. If any such taxes (for example,
international withholding taxes) are required to be withheld on any payment,
you will pay such additional amounts as are necessary so that the net amount
received by Amazon is equal to the amount then due and payable under this
Seller Wallet Customer Agreement. Amazon will provide you with such tax forms
as are reasonably requested in order to reduce or eliminate the amount of any
withholding or deduction for taxes in respect of payments made under this
Seller Wallet Customer Agreement.  

  

**        6\. Term and Termination**

**6.1      ****Your Rights.** Unless otherwise agreed in writing by you, you
may terminate this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement by closing your Seller
Wallet Account at any time. To close your Seller Wallet Account, follow the
process described on the Seller Wallet Site.  You may not close your Seller
Wallet Account as a means of evading transaction restrictions.

  

**6.2      ****Suspension or Termination by Us.** We may terminate your Seller
Wallet Account or this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement for convenience with
30 days’ advance notice to you; provided, that we may suspend or terminate
your Seller Wallet Account or this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement
immediately if we determine that (a) you have materially breached this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement, the BSA, or any other agreement between you and us
or any of our Affiliates and failed to cure within 7 days of a cure notice
unless your breach exposes us to liability toward a third party, in which case
we are entitled to reduce, or waive, the aforementioned cure period at our
reasonable discretion, (b) your Seller Wallet Account or your Amazon seller
account has been, or our controls identify that it may be, used for deceptive,
fraudulent, or  illegal activity, (c) your use of the Seller Wallet Service,
any service governed by the BSA, or any other service provided by us or our
Affiliates has harmed, or our controls identify that it might harm, other
sellers, customers, or our or our Affiliates’ legitimate interests, or (d) we
or the Bank Service Provider have determined that your use of the Seller
Wallet Service has breached the Rules and/or such suspension or termination is
necessary to allow us or the Bank Service Provider to comply with the Rules.
We will promptly notify you of any such termination or suspension via email or
similar means including Seller Central, indicating the reason and any options
to appeal, except where we have reason to believe that providing this
information will hinder the investigation or prevention of deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or will enable you to circumvent our
safeguards.

  

**6.3           ****Effect of Termination.**  We will not be liable to you for
compensation, reimbursement, or damages of any kind in connection with any
termination or suspension of the Seller Wallet Service. Upon termination of
this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement for any reason: (a) we may elect to
cancel any pending transactions, (b) you will remain liable for all fees,
charges, and other payment obligations that have been incurred through the
date of termination, including of the reversal or return of any transfer of
funds to your Seller Wallet Account, (c) subject to the terms of this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement, any funds that we are holding in custody for you at
the time of termination, less any amounts you owe us, may be transferred to
you if all transfer-related authentication requirements have been fulfilled,
(d) all license or other rights granted to either party under this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement will immediately terminate, and (e) your access to
the Seller Wallet Site will be terminated, and we will have no obligation to
you to store, retain, report, or otherwise provide any copies of, or access
to, any records, documents or other information in connection with your Seller
Wallet Account or the Seller Wallet Service. In addition to any payment
obligations under this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement, the following
sections of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement survive and remain in effect
in accordance with their terms upon the termination of this Seller Wallet
Customer Agreement: 4.3.3.10, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 6.3, and 8.

  

**        7\. Representations and Warranties**

**7.1      ****Your Provision of Information.** You represent that all
information provided to us or our Affiliates by you in connection with your
registration for and/or your use of the Seller Wallet Service is accurate, up-
to-date and not misleading. You agree to promptly update such information if
it changes.   ** **

**7.2       ****By You.**  You represent and warrant to us that the following
will at all times remain true until this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement is
terminated: (a) you are eligible to register and use the Seller Wallet Service
and have the right, power, and ability to enter into and perform under this
Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and grant the rights, licenses, and
authorizations you grant under this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement, (b) the
name identified by you when you registered is your name or business name under
which you sell goods and services, (c) you and, if applicable, your Payees,
are not subject to any sanctions or other restrictive measures as imposed or
administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset
Controls (“**Sanctions** ”) or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited
or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a person, (d) any account
to which you initiate a Transfer to Your External Account or Third-Party
Payment is not located in a jurisdiction restricted or prohibited by any
Sanctions, (e) you will use the Seller Wallet Service only for commercial or
business purposes, (f) you will use the Seller Wallet Service only to transact
on your own account and not on behalf of any other person or entity, (g) you
and all Transfers to Your External Accounts and Third-Party Payments will
comply with all Law applicable to you, and (h) you will not use the Seller
Wallet Service, directly or indirectly, for any fraudulent undertaking or in
any manner so as to interfere with our provision of or the use by any third-
party of the Seller Wallet Service or any of our or our Affiliates other
products or services.

**        8\. General Provisions**

**8           **** **

**8.1      ****Assignment.** You may not assign or transfer any rights,
obligations, or privileges that you have under this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written
consent. Any attempt to assign or otherwise transfer in violation of this
section is void; provided, however, that upon notice to us, you may assign or
transfer this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement, in whole or in part, to any of
your Affiliates as long as you remain liable for your obligations that arose
prior to the effective date of the assignment or transfer under this Seller
Wallet Customer Agreement. You agree that we may assign or transfer our rights
and obligations under this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement: (a) in connection
with a merger, consolidation, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all
of our assets or similar transaction; or (b) to any affiliate or as part of a
corporate reorganization; and effective upon such assignment, the assignee is
deemed substituted for us as the party to this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement.  Subject to the foregoing, this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement
will be binding, inure to, and be enforceable against the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.

  

**8.2      ****Governing Law; Venue.** The Seller Wallet Service and the
Seller Wallet Site are provided and managed by us and our Affiliates in the
state of Washington, USA. By visiting the Seller Wallet Site or using the
Seller Wallet Service you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable
federal law, and the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to
principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or
any of our Affiliates.  The term “**Law** ” has the meaning assigned to in the
BSA and includes the term Legal Requirements as defined in the Rules.

** **

**8.3      ****Disputes.** **Any dispute or claim relating in any way to the
Seller Wallet Service, to your visit to the Seller Wallet Site, or to
transactions processed using the Seller Wallet Service will be resolved by
binding arbitration, rather than in court** , except that you may assert
claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. **There is no judge or
jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.
However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and
relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory
damages), and must follow the terms of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement
as a court would.** To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter
requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent
Corporation Service Company, 300 Deschutes Way SW, Suite 208 MC-CSC1,
Tumwater, WA 98501. The arbitration will be conducted by the American
Arbitration Association (AAA) under its commercial rules. The AAA's rules are
available at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/?ld=EL-www.amazon.comPA) or by
calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator
fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. We will reimburse those fees for
claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims
are frivolous. The expedited procedures of the AAA’s rules will apply only in
cases seeking exclusively monetary relief under $50,000, and in such cases the
hearing will be scheduled to take place within 90 days of the arbitrator’s
appointment.  Likewise, we will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in
arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may
choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written
submissions, or in person at a mutually agreed location. **You and we each
agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an
individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action.**
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration **you
and we each waive any right to a jury trial.** You and we also both agree that
you or we may bring suit in the state or Federal courts in King County,
Washington to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property
rights.

** **

**8.4      ****No Waiver.** We will not be considered to have waived any of
our rights or remedies, or portion of them, unless the waiver is in writing
and signed by us. Our failure to enforce the strict performance of any
provision of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement will not constitute a
waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other
provisions of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement.

**   **

**8.5      ****Relationship of Parties.** Nothing in this Seller Wallet
Customer Agreement is intended to or creates any type of joint venture,
employee-employer, escrow, partnership, or any fiduciary relationship between
you, us or our Affiliates.

** **

**8.6      ****Severability.** If any portion of this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining portions of this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement
will remain in full force and effect and, upon our request, the court will
construe any invalid or unenforceable portions in a manner that most closely
reflects the effect and intent of the original language. If such construction
is not possible, the invalid or unenforceable portion will be severed from
this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and the rest of this Seller Wallet
Customer Agreement remains in full force and effect.

** **

**8.7      ****Entire Agreement.** Except for the provisions of the BSA
expressly incorporated herein, which terms may be modified by Amazon pursuant
to the terms of the BSA, this Seller Wallet Customer Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this
Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and supersedes and cancels all prior and
contemporaneous agreements, claims, representations, and understandings of the
parties in connection with the subject matter of this Seller Wallet Customer
Agreement.

