---
title: Amazon Brand Referral Bonus Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKPK6UXEUARLBX9Z
section: General Documentation
---

These Brand Referral Bonus Terms and Conditions (“**Terms and Conditions** ”)
apply to your participation in Amazon’s Brand Referral Bonus (“**BRB** ”)
program which is described more fully on the BRB page. These Terms and
Conditions supplement the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) (the "**Agreement** "). Capitalized terms used and
not defined in these Terms and Conditions have the meanings ascribed to them
in the Agreement.

## 1\. Description of the BRB Program Benefits

The BRB program provides a bonus that will be applied against your future
referral fees (the “**Brand Referral Bonus** ”) on Qualifying Purchases
resulting from Qualified Traffic directed from your off-Amazon advertisements
to Amazon’s store. Current Brand Referral Bonus amounts are available on the
[BRB Rate Card](/gp/help/GL9HPJ34VBFP76HX) and are subject to change at
Amazon’s discretion. The Brand Referral Bonus cannot exceed the total amount
of your referral fee on a given transaction. Brand Referral Bonuses will be
calculated by Amazon and credited monthly to your Seller Central account 2
months after it is earned to accommodate order cancellations and customer
returns. The Brand Referral Bonus can only be used to offset future referral
fees.

## 2\. Qualified Traffic

Brand Referral Bonuses can only be earned on “**Qualified Traffic** ,” which
is defined as traffic from an off-Amazon advertisement you run that is tied to
a “tag” created with [Amazon
Attribution](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/amazon-
attribution) and is directed either to the detail page of a product for which
you are the brand owner in Brand Registry, or to a Store page for which you
are the brand owner in Brand Registry. You must sign up for and use Amazon
Attribution to receive Brand Referral Bonuses. No Brand Referral Bonuses will
be given for any traffic directed to Amazon that is not Qualified Traffic.
Amazon will determine what constitutes Qualified Traffic in its sole
discretion.

## 3\. Qualified Purchases

Brand Referral Bonuses can only be earned on a “**Qualified Purchase** ,”
which is defined as a customer purchase of a product for which you are the
brand owner in Brand Registry made within 14 days of that customer reaching
Amazon via Qualified Traffic. Any Qualified Purchase cancelled or returned by
the customer will no longer constitute a Qualified Purchase and you will not
receive a Brand Referral Bonus for that purchase. Amazon will determine what
constitutes a Qualified Purchase in its sole discretion.

## 4\. Program Restrictions

4.1 Brand Referral Bonuses will only be earned on Qualifying Purchases made
after you enroll in the BRB program.

4.2 You may participate in either BRB or Amazon Associates (Amazon’s affiliate
marketing program) simultaneously for a given tag created in Amazon
Attribution. If we detect that you are attempting to claim both a Brand
Referral Bonus and an Amazon Associates commission for the same Qualified
Traffic we may take action including not providing a Brand Referral Bonuses on
that transaction, terminating your participation in the BRB program or the
Amazon Associates Program or, in serious or repeated cases, terminating your
selling account or your Amazon Associates account.

4.3 You may not attempt to direct Qualified Traffic to Amazon from sites or
advertisements that may tarnish Amazon’s brand or reputation like those listed
in 1(a) – 1(f) of the [Amazon Associates Program Participation
Requirements](https://affiliate-
program.amazon.com/help/operating/policies/#Associates%20Program%20Participation%20Requirements).

4.4 You may not induce or create Qualified Purchases through any means or
mechanisms that otherwise violate the Agreement.

4.5 We may deduct or withhold any required taxes from your Brand Referral
Bonuses. From time to time, we may request tax information from you. If we
request tax information from you and you do not provide it, we may hold your
Brand Referral Bonuses until you do. If you are a non-US person participating
in the BRB program, you agree that unless you have otherwise notified us in
your provided tax information you will perform all services under the
Agreement outside the United States. Failure to adhere to this provision may
result in termination of your participation in the BRB program.

4.6 You must comply with these Terms and Conditions and your Agreement to
receive Brand Referral Bonuses. If you violate these Terms and Conditions or
your Agreement, then we may permanently (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) cease payment of (and you agree you will not be eligible to receive) any
Brand Referral Bonuses otherwise payable to you under these Terms and
Conditions, whether or not directly related to such violation.

