---
title: Amazon Global Logistics importer setup and customs compliance
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/ASFW4BD897LNTNN
section: General Documentation
---

All inventory shipped to Amazon fulfillment centers is required to meet [FBA
inventory requirements](/gp/help/201100890). When booking transportation with
Amazon Global Logistics, you must also provide customs compliance information
for your products.

For more information, see these Help topics:

[Delivering imports to Amazon](/gp/help/200280280)

[Importing and exporting inventory](/gp/help/G201468520)

[Product compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF)

[Restricted products and dangerous goods (hazmat)](/gp/help/GARDA2ALG9F4BNR3)

## Import and export documents

Documentation requirements for the import or export of goods will vary by
country, customs authority, and product type. Typically, the following
documents will be required:

**Commercial invoice** : Provided by you (or the shipper if you’re not the
shipper).

**Packing list** : Provided by you (or the shipper if you’re not the shipper).

**Forwarder’s cargo receipt (FCR)** : Provided by Amazon to you (or the
shipper if you’re not the shipper) to confirm receipt of the shipment at the
Amazon origin facility when it will be distributed to multiple fulfillment
centers.

**Note:** The FCR is the only document that requires your approval for a
shipment that is booked using distributed placement. If you receive and
approve an FCR draft, then you will not be asked to approve shipping
instructions. (You can also receive and approve an FAI form. Amazon provides
this form, which creates the FCR and files the Automated Manifest System and
Importer Security Filing). The FCR must be approved within one business day.
It can be used for a refund on a VAT export.

**Bill of lading (BOL)** : Generated by the carrier. A BOL for air freight is
also called an **airway bill**.

**Entry summary form** : Generated by the customs broker.

After you book transportation, you will be informed about the specific
documents required for your shipment.

## Importer of record (IOR)

You or an entity appointed by you must act as the importer of record (IOR) for
inventory entering the US. You’ll be asked to provide information and
documentation related to your IOR when you set up your [Amazon Global
Logistics profile](/gssportal/index.html). This information includes your
company name and contact information.

**Note:** For step-by-step instructions on IOR setup, download **Using Amazon
Global Logistics in Seller Central** in [English](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/AGL/AGL_onboarding_US_FINAL-en_us1.pdf) or
[Chinese](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/AGL/AGL_onboarding_US_FINAL-
zh_cn.pdf).

The IOR is responsible for the following:

  * Ensuring that imported goods comply with local laws and regulations 
  * Filing a completed customs entry summary form and associated documents with information provided by you
  * Paying the assessed import duties and other taxes on those goods 

The IOR is also the consignee for your shipment. For Amazon Global Logistics,
the shipping and customs entry documents will be addressed as:

(Your name), in care of FBA

(Fulfillment center address)

Amazon **will not** act as an IOR, consignee, or partner government agency
(PGA) agent for any shipment, regardless of the size, value, origin,
destination, or product. However, Amazon is the [ultimate
consignee](/gp/help/200280280) for FBA shipments with a ship-to destination in
the US. When you list Amazon as the ultimate consignee, use the following
number as the US Customs and Border Protection identification number:
199900-02534.

When booking transportation, you’ll also be asked to [provide other contacts
for your shipment](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE). This includes an exporter of
record (EOR).

## Non-resident IOR

An IOR for an FBA shipment entering the US can be a US resident or a non-
resident (foreign) entity or person. All non-resident IORs must complete a
[CBP form 5106](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/entry-
summary/cbp-form-5106/importer-createupdate-
identity-5106-faq?_ga=2.244873861.1031327581.1594928938-1969736104.1573256946)
and include their IOR number from US Customs and Border Protection.

  * If you have imported into the US within the past year as a non-resident IOR: You will already have an IOR number. Enter it in the **Customs Assigned Importer Number** field when you’re getting started with Amazon Global Logistics. 
  * If you already have an IOR number even though you have not yet imported into the US: Select **Yes** under **Have you imported into the US before?** when you’re getting started with Amazon Global Logistics. Then your IOR number in the **Customs Assigned Importer Number** field.
  * If you have not imported into the US before and don’t have an IOR number: Select **No** under **Have you imported into the US before?** when you’re getting started with Amazon Global Logistics. We will complete a [CBP form 5106](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/entry-summary/cbp-form-5106/importer-createupdate-identity-5106-faq?_ga=2.269173873.1209218406.1600097666-1835917783.1589818263) and register your business with US Customs on your behalf. Once your Customs Assigned Importer Number (CAIN) is assigned, we will forward it to you. We will also forward your IOR number once it has been assigned. 

## Customs broker

A customs broker is an individual or firm licensed by [US Customs and Border
Protection](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/trade-community/programs-
outreach/bonds/news-and-developments-continuous-bonds) to do the following:

  * Prepare and file customs entries with any additional required documents 
  * Arrange for the payment of duties 
  * Arrange for the release of goods from CBP custody 
  * Otherwise represent importers in customs matters

Amazon Global Logistics provides access to third-party customs brokers as part
of our end-to-end service. This means that all of your shipments are
automatically routed to an assigned customs broker.

## Power of attorney (POA) with Amazon

When you get started with Amazon Global Logistics, we will ask you to sign a
primary POA with Amazon for imports into the US. A customs POA form authorizes
a party to act as your agent during customs clearance.

A POA can take some time to receive approval, but it simplifies the movement
and clearance of your future shipments. The POA allows us to issue sub-POAs to
other carriers and customs brokers on your behalf. Your assigned customs
broker may contact you directly if there are questions about your shipment,
customs entry, or both.

  * If your company is a **corporation** , **sole proprietorship** , or **limited liability company (LLC)** , your POA with Amazon is **continuous**. 
  * If your company is a **partnership** , your POA must be renewed **every two years**.

Whoever signs the POA for your company must have the proper authority. This
authority varies according to the type of company or seller and is determined
by US regulations:

  * **Corporation or sole proprietorship:** The president, vice president, treasurer, corporate secretary, chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, chairman, sole proprietor, or owner may sign.
  * **LLC:** The manager, director, president, officer, member, or managing member may sign.
  * **Partnerships:** The partner or general partner may sign.

We will ask for additional information and documents when you’re getting
started with Amazon Global Logistics to confirm that the signatory is an
authorized person for you or the company. This may include a business license,
proof of business in good standing, annual reports, proof of individual
authority, or all of the above.

For non-resident IORs signing a POA, we will also ask you to complete a Non-
Resident Corporate Certification (NRCC). The NRCC is signed by another company
officer to confirm that the officer signing the POA is authorized to do so.

If the POA requires documentation such as a continuous US customs bond, we
will upload it to your IOR profile. This information will be available for
your shipping transactions, saving you time with future shipments.

## US customs bond

A US customs bond is a contract used to guarantee the payment of import
duties, taxes, and fees to [US Customs and Border
Protection](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/trade-community/programs-
outreach/bonds/news-and-developments-continuous-bonds). Shipments into the US
via Amazon Global Logistics require a customs bond on behalf of the importer
of record (IOR).

There are two types of US customs bonds:

  * A single-entry customs bond is for importers who ship occasionally.
  * A continuous customs bond is for importers who ship regularly.

To import goods into the US with Amazon Global Logistics, you must have or
obtain a continuous US customs bond. You will be asked while getting started
if you already have an active continuous US customs bond. If not, Amazon can
help you obtain one. You can find [sample customs bonds on CBP’s
website](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/trade-community/programs-
outreach/bonds/news-and-developments-continuous-bonds).

A fee for your continuous US customs bond will be applied to your first
booking. You will be charged annually thereafter to renew. The fee structures
below are based on your estimated duty, taxes, and fees paid in the past 12
months (or estimated for the next 12 months if you don’t have an import
history).

**$500,000 or less** : The fee will be $350.

**Greater than $500,000** : Amazon will calculate the fee and provide a quote
with your first shipment.

Your US customs bond must equal 10% of the estimated duties, taxes, and fees
that you pay for as long as the bond is valid. You or the IOR are responsible
for ensuring that the bond coverage amount is current.

**Note:** If your IOR’s address has changed since your US customs bond was
issued, request a bond update through the customs broker who issued the bond.
The address of your bond must match the address used in your primary POA and
supporting documentation in order for you to complete your IOR setup.

##  Tariff classification (HTS codes)

Most countries classify globally traded goods using tariff classification
codes. These codes determine the customs value of products and flag
requirements such as anti-dumping or countervailing duties (ADDs and CVDs) for
partner government agencies (PGAs).

You can provide or review tariff classifications for your inventory when
[booking transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE) or later in the shipping
process.

While many countries use [Harmonized
System](http://www.wcoomd.org/en/faq/harmonized_system_faq.aspx) (HS) codes,
the US uses [Harmonized Tariff Schedule](https://hts.usitc.gov/current) (HTS)
codes. HTS and HS codes both use a universal set of six digits at the
beginning of each tariff classification and use the final four digits to
convey country-specific classifications.

Accurate HTS codes help reduce clearance and shipping times, and ensure that
your shipment complies with regulations. Inaccurate codes can result in
shipment delays, customs duties being incorrectly calculated, your shipment
being held or rejected by customs, or all of the above. You may also be
subject to financial penalties or other actions by customs authorities if your
HTS codes are inaccurate.

You can find appropriate tariff codes for your goods by using the US
International Trade Commission’s [HTS search](https://hts.usitc.gov/). Enter a
keyword such as “food,” “shoes,” or “plants,” then choose the appropriate
code.

**Note:** When booking transportation, you may see an option to provide the
HTS codes for your products. If you don’t see this option, you can provide
this information later.

In some cases, Amazon may suggest an alternate HTS code that describes your
product more accurately. We may also suggest the first six digits of your HTS
code and then ask you to provide the final four digits.

It’s ultimately up to you to determine the most accurate HTS code. Your IOR is
responsible for that determination. You can consult the [Harmonized Tariff
Schedule](https://hts.usitc.gov/current) for guidance, your customs broker can
review your HTS code for accuracy, or both.

## Example HTS code: 0901.21.0050 (non-organic caffeinated coffee)

  

  1. The first and second digits of an HTS classification code refer to the product’s **chapter**. In our example, "**09** ” refers to “coffee, tea, mate, and spices.” 
  2. The third and fourth digits of an HTS code indicate the specific category within a chapter, or **heading**. In our example, “**01** ” refers to “coffee.” 
  3. The fifth and sixth digits of an HTS code define the **sub-heading** , or subcategory, of a product. In our example, “**21** ” refers to “caffeinated coffee” (decaf coffee is “**22** ”). 
  4. The last four digits of an HTS code are for **US-specific classifications**. In our example, “**0050** ” refers to “non-organic coffee.” 

##  Customs value and duties, taxes, and fees

Customs value is the assigned monetary value of an imported good. It is also
what countries and customs authorities use to assess duties, or the taxes
collected on imports and some exports.

You can provide or review customs values for your inventory when [booking
transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE) or later in the shipping process.

The World Trade Organization outlines [six methods for determining customs
value](https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/cusval_e/cusval_info_e.htm).
Importers must use the first applicable option from the list below.

**Transaction value** is the primary method for determining customs value of
an imported good. It is the total actual payment for that good, including all
payments made as a condition of sale like packing costs, royalties, and
licensing fees.

**Transaction value of identical goods** determines the customs value of an
imported good using the transaction value of an identical good. To be
considered identical, goods must have the same quality and physical attributes
and be produced in the same country by the same producer.

**Transaction value of similar goods** determines the customs value of an
imported good using the transaction value of a similar good. To be considered
similar, goods must have a close resemblance and share common characteristics.
They must also be commercially interchangeable and produced in the same
country by the same producer.

The **deductive method** determines the value of an imported good using its
unit price (or the unit price of an identical or similar good). The importer
must use the unit price of their product when it is sold in the greatest
quantity to an unrelated buyer in the country of importation. Applicable
deductions for profits and commissions, transportation charges and insurance
costs, and customs duties are subtracted from the unit price.

The **computed method** determines the customs value of an imported good using
the cost of production (materials and fabrication), as well as profit and
related expenses (processing, transport, loading and unloading, insurance,
handling charges).

The **fall-back method** uses the other valuation methods above and makes
minor adjustments as necessary to determine the value of an imported goods.
This method is only used when no other method is applicable.

Make sure that each item in your shipment has the correct appraised value as
its customs value on all commercial and entry documentation. US Customs may
scrutinize nominal or false values in order to prevent under- or overpayment
of duties. If no customs value is provided, the shipment will be rejected.

To determine the proper customs value for your product, you can contact your
Amazon-assigned customs broker or ask an external consultant. For information
on how US customs values are assessed, visit the [CBP
website](https://www.cbp.gov/travel/international-visitors/kbyg/customs-duty-
info?_ga=2.122151947.1220498551.1589818263-1835917783.1589818263).

The amount of customs duty, additional taxes, and fees assessed on your
shipment depends on what you are importing (determined by their HTS codes),
its customs value, and the country of origin. Some products may also have
additional taxes that are assessed by customs authorities, such as excise
taxes or anti-dumping duties (ADD). US Customs and Border Protection also
assesses two fees for each shipment:

  * A merchandise processing fee is imposed on all US imports. It is charged at 0.3464% of the customs value (not including duty, freight, and insurance charges) and is a maximum of $485 per shipment.
  * A harbor maintenance fee is imposed on all US imports shipped via ocean freight. It is charged at 0.125% of the customs value. 

Remember that your IOR is responsible for declaring the proper customs value
to customs authorities. They are also responsible for all customs duties,
taxes, and fees assessed for your shipments.

**Note:** The information above does not constitute tax, legal, or other
professional advice and must not be used as such.

## Entry summary

An Entry Summary (CBP Form 7501) lists the duties and taxes paid for an
imported shipment as assessed by US customs authorities. You will receive an
email from the Amazon Global Logistics team when the Entry Summary for your
shipment is ready. You will be asked to review the Entry Summary within 72
hours and confirm or dispute the duties and taxes listed. If you do not
respond within 72 hours, the Entry Summary will be automatically submitted to
customs authorities for processing to continue the import process. Please note
that you and/or your importer is still responsible for the information on the
Entry Summary.

To review your Entry Summary, do the following:  

  1. Click **My Entry Summary** in the email you receive from the Amazon Global Logistics team, which will take you to the **Book Transportation** workflow.
  2. In the **Step 6 – Shipping documents** tab, find the **Entry Summary** and click **Review**.
  3. After reviewing the Entry Summary, click **Confirm** to indicate your agreement with the duties and taxes listed. Or click **Dispute** to provide comments and a reason for disputing, and then click **Submit**. You will receive a reply within one business day for a dispute.

For more information about the Entry Summary, go to the [US Customs and Border
Protection website](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/entry-
summary/cbp-form-7501). For more information on low-value entries (Section 321
– Entry Type 86), go to our [frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GNNU2CLLNQKZ4GZU).

## Partner government agencies (PGAs)

A product’s tariff classification (HTS code) may flag country-specific
requirements for importation. In the US, the requirements are assessed and
regulated by various partner government agencies (PGAs). The requirements
often require special permits or additional documentation

When uploading your products via Amazon Global Logistics, you can enter
relevant PGA information. You can also upload PDFs or other documents with
test results, trademark authorization letters, permits, licenses, or other
applicable forms.

Your carrier, customs broker, or Amazon may contact you if PGA data is missing
or incorrect. All such data must be accurate and complete before your booking
can proceed. Shipments not declared with proper PGAs will be held or seized by
US Customs and Border Protection and returned or destroyed at your expense.

You must obtain a US-based agent when a PGA requires one for your inventory.
For example, the [Food and Drug Administration
(FDA)](https://www.fda.gov/industry/import-program-food-and-drug-
administration-
fda?GAID=1624463686.1564587960&dclid=undefined&gclid=undefined&utm_campaign=\(not%20set\)&utm_content=undefined&utm_medium=google&utm_source=google&utm_term=\(not%20provided\))
requires IORs to have a Foreign Supplier Verification Program agent. Visit
[Service Providers Network](/tsba) for companies that can provide an FSVP
agent, customs brokerage, or other import-related services. Note that Amazon
cannot be a PGA agent.

## Common PGAs and requirements

Agency/program | Examples of regulated items  | Required  
---|---|---  
[US Fish & Wildlife Service (FWS)](https://www.fws.gov/permits/ImportExport/ImportExport.html) | leathers, furs, feather, bone, mother-of-pearl | F&W certificate  
[Food and Drug Administration (FDA)](https://www.fda.gov/industry/import-program-food-and-drug-administration-fda?GAID=1624463686.1564587960&dclid=undefined&gclid=undefined&utm_campaign=%28not%20set%29&utm_content=undefined&utm_medium=google&utm_source=google&utm_term=%28not%20provided%29) | cosmetics, kitchenware, cookware, human food, devices | FDA product code, manufacturer name, address  
[Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)](https://www.aphis.usda.gov/aphis/ourfocus/importexport) | animal or plant products (items incorporating wood) | Lacey Act certificate, CITES, PPQ 505  
[US Department of Agriculture (USDA)](https://www.usda.gov/topics/trade/importing-goods) | meat, poultry, egg products | dairy licenses, agricultural permits  
[Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Imports) | toys, baby products, children’s clothes | general certificate of conformity, children’s certificate of conformity  
CBP intellectual property rights (counterfeits) | trademarked items, branded apparel | proof of trademark ownership, trademark authorization letter  
[Department of Commerce anti-dumping and countervailing duties](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/priority-issues/adcvd/antidumping-and-countervailing-duties-adcvd-frequently-asked-questions) | wooden bedroom furniture, Canadian softwood lumber, types of steel | non-reimbursement certificate  
  
**Note:** These are just some of the most common PGAs and their requirements.
Other PGA requirements may apply to your products.

## Additional information that may be required

When [booking transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE) or later in the
shipping process, you may be asked to confirm whether these standard import
regulations and requirements apply to items in your shipment:

  * Anti-dumping duties (ADD)
  * Countervailing duties (CVD)
  * Toxic Substance Control Act
  * Radiation-emitting devices (RAD)
  * Lacey Act (for importing wood or plant products into the US)

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics product
compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF).

## Restricted and prohibited products

Common items that require additional permits or authorizations include
agricultural products, plants and seeds, food, alcohol, vitamins, supplements,
medical devices, drugs and medication, hazardous goods, and pesticides. To
learn more, visit [FBA product restrictions](/gp/help/G200140860). For
potential CPB or other government prohibitions or restrictions, visit the [CPB
page](https://www.cbp.gov/travel/us-citizens/know-before-you-go/prohibited-
and-restricted-items).

Failure to comply with product preparation requirements, government safety
requirements, and product restrictions may result in one or more of the
following for Amazon Global Logistics and **all of your FBA shipments** :

  * Refusal of inventory at an Amazon fulfillment center
  * Disposal or return of inventory
  * Blocking of future shipments to Amazon
  * Charges for preparation or non-compliance at the fulfillment center

## Return of imports

Amazon cannot return inventory stored in fulfillment centers to an address
outside of the US. To have your inventory returned to you, provide a US return
address when creating a removal order.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Where can I find a US customs bond template?

You can download a US customs bond template from the
[CBP](https://www.cbp.gov/document/forms/form-301-customs-bond). We also
recommend that you [consult the power of attorney
specialist](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_CustomsAndCompliance) on our compliance
team as you draft your customs bond.

#### How can I verify the validity of my US customs bond?

You can verify your customs bond with your customs broker. If you bought your
customs bond through Amazon, [contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_CustomsAndCompliance) with your customs bond
number. We will identify your broker for you.

#### I have the US customs bond details, but not a physical copy of the bond.
Is it OK to submit the bond details only?

Yes. It’s OK to submit the customs bond details without the physical copy as
long as you provide the full details of the bond.

#### My US customs bond is expiring and needs to be renewed or updated. Whom
should I contact?

If you bought your US customs bond through a customs broker or surety, contact
that party to renew or update your bond. If you bought a customs bond when
getting started with Amazon Global Logistics, your bond will automatically
renew. You then will be charged on the first shipment after the renewal. To
update your details on a bond bought through Amazon Global Logistics, [contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_CustomsAndCompliance).

#### My US customs bond has been renewed, but I only have a scanned copy of
the original. What should I do?

Provide the Employer Identification Number (EIN) or Customs Assigned Importer
Number (CAIN) when you create your importer of record. We will then confirm
the details on your behalf.

#### My US customs bond has been renewed, but isn’t in effect yet. What should
I do before it becomes effective?

If you expect to import goods before the start of your bond, contact your
customs broker and ask them to change the start date of the bond. If you
aren’t sure whether the bond will be in effect at the time of your import,
provide your bond information when you create your importer of record when
getting started with Amazon Global Logistics. We will confirm the details for
you. If the customs bond is not yet active, we will let you know.

#### Does my company name need to be the same as the name on my US customs
bond?

The company name, physical address, and signatory information on your US
customs bond, power of attorney, Non-Resident Corporate Certification, and
other documents must be exactly the same. The only exception is if the company
name has been cut off on the bond because of the character limit in the US
Customs and Border Protection system (see the question below). In this case,
your customs broker can abbreviate part of your company name. For example, if
your company name ends in "Limited," the bond can use "Ltd" as an
abbreviation.

#### The company name on my US customs bond can’t be shown completely because
of the character limit in the CPB system. What should I do?

As long as you have updated the relevant address information in the customs
system, we can accept an abbreviated company name. We will review your
submission accordingly to confirm that the business name is recognizable. If
further action is required, we will contact you directly.

#### My office address has changed, so the business license address is not the
same as the IOR, customs bond, POA, or NRCC address. Can Amazon accept still
it?

Amazon can’t accept a business license if the address doesn’t reflect what is
on your customs bond, POA, and NRCC. However, it’s OK if the address on your
business license doesn’t match the address on your IOR.

#### My US customs bond address and company address have changed. What should
I do?

If your company address changes, make sure you also update your US customs
bond address with the customs broker who issued your bond. This update
typically takes less than a day. If you don’t know how to reach your customs
broker, [contact us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_CustomsAndCompliance) with
your customs bond number. We will identify your broker for you.

#### How is the information I enter during my IOR setup used?

The information you provide during importer of record setup is used to create
the power of attorney for your IOR. It also verifies the signatory party of
the POA and their business details. If you need to change the information that
you provided during IOR setup, do so before submitting the IOR. If the
information is incorrect, your IOR approval may be delayed.

#### Where can I find my IOR number, either for a US-registered or non-US-
registered seller?

Your IOR number will be listed under the **Principal** section of your customs
bond in the **CBP Identification Number** field.

#### My IOR previously submitted a direct-broker POA with Amazon’s customs
brokers. Why am I being asked to submit another POA?

If your IOR completed a direct-broker POA with Amazon’s customs brokers
**before or during January 2020** , they must complete a new POA with Amazon.
This requirement allows us to expand our routing options for shipments.

#### If I have companies registered in multiple countries, which country
should I use with Amazon Global Logistics?

Select the applicable company for registration according to your own business
conditions. To avoid delays in processing, make sure that your information is
correct. If your business conditions change, also update your registration
with Amazon Global Logistics.

#### What are the requirements for filling out the power of attorney form?

When filling out the POA form, make sure 1) the signatory name is both printed
and signed, 2) the printed name is in English, and 3) the signature is
consistent with the printed name, including being in the same word order. (For
example, if the printed name is "Zhang, San," the signature name must read
“Zhang San,” not “San Zhang.”) Chinese characters, a company stamp (chop), or
both are allowed as long as printed English is also used. (For example, the
printed name can read "张三 Zhang, San.")

#### Which document is required for Hong Kong business license documents: a
certificate of incorporation or Form 2 of the Business Registration Ordinance
(Chapter 310)?

Either document is acceptable for Hong Kong business license documents.

