---
title: Amazon Lending with Parafin
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GMV2LKYBKMYKN5X9
section: General Documentation
---

## Products available through Parafin

Parafin offers a merchant cash advance to qualifying US-based businesses by
invitation.

Currently, eligible Amazon sellers can take out advances of up to $2,000,000.

## Applying for multiple financing options

If invited to apply and approved, you can accept a loan from Amazon Lending
and a merchant cash advance from Parafin at the same time. However, Parafin
merchant cash advances cannot be combined with any of the third-party
financing products on Seller Central.

## Parafin’s merchant cash advance versus a standard loan

Your business’s merchant cash advance offer is determined by sales-based
eligibility criteria, rather than credit scores. For access to funding from
Parafin, you’ll pay a flat capital fee. You pay the total advance with a set
percentage of future sales, which is displayed before you accept the offer.
Parafin cash advances do not charge interest.

## Eligibility

If your business is eligible to apply for a cash advance, you'll see the
option card on your Seller Central homepage. You may also receive emails with
details of financing options when they are available.

## Identity verification

Parafin verifies owner and business details for security and compliance
purposes. Verifying your identity is not a credit check, and it does not
affect your credit score.

## Determination of the funding amount

The offer amount is determined by your sales on Amazon.com. Growing your sales
can help increase the amount of funding you qualify for. Sellers may be
eligible to increase their offer by sharing their sales from other e-commerce
sites like Shopify, Walmart, and eBay.

Your initial cash advance offer is determined by an analysis of your business
performance on Amazon. By connecting to other e-commerce accounts, Parafin
will consider your sales on those platforms and potentially increase your
total offer.

## Capital fee

You pay a capital fee in exchange for the capital provided by Parafin. The
capital fee varies based on offer size, term, and business performance. This
transparent, fixed fee is the only fee you'll pay, and it will not change
after you have accepted the advance.

For example, a $10,000 offer may have a capital fee of $750. The $750 capital
fee would be added to the offer amount, and you would pay $10,750 in total.
Payments are applied to the entire total of $10,750. No specific amount from
the payment is allocated to just the fee.

Parafin doesn’t charge interest on merchant case advances, only the capital
fee.

If you pay off your cash advance significantly faster than expected, you may
receive a partial rebate on your capital fee.

## Parafin merchant cash advance payments

Your set payment rate depends on the capital amount and the term that you
select. The payment rate is shown at the time you accept your advance, and is
always displayed in your payment dashboard.

Parafin automatically debits a set percentage of your sales from your linked
bank account and applies that toward your total advance. If you connected
other e-commerce accounts to boost your offer, sales through those platforms
will also be factored into your payments.

Parafin debits sellers either weekly or biweekly to match as closely as
possible with the frequency of their Amazon payouts.

For example, take a seller on a weekly payout schedule with a 9% payment rate
with $1,000 of sales in a week. They’ll be debited $90 from their linked bank
account for that week’s payment. If the seller does $2,000 in sales the next
week, they’ll be debited $180.

As of October 2023, Parafin introduced a 1-week buffer period between your
sales period and when you are debited for the associated payment. This means
that when your weekly or biweekly Sunday-Saturday sales period concludes,
Parafin will wait a full week before debiting payment for sales from this
period. This gives you more time to receive your disbursements from Amazon
before Parafin debits your account.

## Pay off a Parafin merchant cash advance

Your merchant cash advance will be paid off over time as Parafin automatically
debits sales-based payments from your linked bank account.

Your payment rate doesn't change but the amount you pay each weekly or
biweekly payment period may increase or decrease as you make more or less in
sales. If your sales increase over the course of the cash advance, the amount
debited each payment period will increase as well, even though the payment
rate remains the same. Since you're paying a larger amount each payment
period, your cash advance will be paid back more quickly.

Note that the term selected when you accept a cash advance is estimated based
on your current business performance. Increased sales may result in paying off
your advance more quickly. If you pay off your cash advance significantly
faster than expected, you may receive a partial rebate on your capital fee.

You can make a one-time payment to pay part or all of your cash advance if you
want. Because Parafin automatically debits payments from your bank account,
you typically don’t need to make any additional one-time payments. You can
make a one-time payment only after you’ve paid at least 25% of your current
advance.

## Confirming your payments

Payment amounts are based on a percentage of gross sales (not disbursed
amount), and payment frequency is based on your disbursement schedule.

To check your Amazon sales amounts and disbursement frequency, go to Seller
Central > Reports > Business Reports > By Date: Sales and Traffic.

you must adjust the sales report dates to the correct Sunday - Saturday sales
periods depending on whether you are on a weekly or biweekly schedule. You
will also need to factor in the 1-week buffer between the conclusion of a
sales period and when your account is debited.

For example, if you were debited on Tuesday 10/03 and are on a weekly
schedule, you would select Sunday 9/17 - Saturday 9/23 to check the sales used
to calculate your payment (accounting for the 1-week buffer period). If you
are on a biweekly schedule, you would select Sunday 9/10 - Saturday 9/23.

To check the corresponding Parafin payments, you can click the link contained
in your weekly summary emails from Parafin–this will take you to the dashboard
containing your outstanding advance balance and payment history. You’ll see a
Recent Activity section with your payments. Click the chevron for an
individual payment to see the corresponding sales period and other details.

Payment amounts are based on a percentage of gross sales (not disbursed
amount), and payment frequency is based on your disbursement schedule.

## No Impact to your credit score

Merchant cash advance offers and advances from Parafin are not extensions of
credit or loans. Accepting a Parafin merchant cash advance does not affect
your credit score. Parafin does not run credit checks.

## Bank locking

After accepting your offer in Seller Central, you’ll be asked to lock the bank
account you use to receive payouts from Amazon.

Note: Once you lock your account, you cannot change it on your own. You must
contact Support to manually change the account. If you want to use a different
account, link a new bank account to receive Amazon payments _before_ locking
your bank account.

Payability accounts cannot be used with Parafin cash advances. If you use a
Payability account to receive payouts from Amazon, update your linked bank
account on Seller Central before locking your bank account.

Locking your bank account does not prevent you from accessing funds in the
account.

To lock your bank account:

  * Navigate to Seller Central
  * Go to Available Financing Options
  * Under the Parafin tile, you’ll see a “Lock account” button. Click on the button
  * A pop-up will appear asking you to confirm that you agree to lock the bank account linked as your payout account on Amazon

## Update the bank account associated with Parafin financing

If you currently have a Parafin merchant cash advance and want to change your
preferred bank account for either Amazon or Parafin, you must update it for
both.

You must update your bank account with Parafin first. Contact Parafin at (855)
558-5005 or email help@parafin.com to request the change.

Once the Parafin account update has been processed, you can update your bank
account on Amazon. You will be required to confirm that your Parafin and
Amazon bank accounts match and are re-linked before the update becomes
effective.

## Payability accounts cannot be used with Parafin cash advances

Parafin does not support Payability accounts. Payability does not accept
payments to or from Parafin, which means we aren’t able to automatically debit
payments from Payability accounts.

If you currently use Payability to receive Amazon disbursements, you must link
a different account on Amazon before locking your bank account.

## Net top-ups

You may be offered a net top-up toward the end of the life of a merchant cash
advance. A net top-up is a second advance, part of which is used to pay off
the remaining balance of the current advance.

For example, imagine a seller has a cash advance of $10,000. They have paid
back $8,000 of this cash advance, and they’re approved for a $15,000 net top-
up. After accepting the $15,000 offer, the seller receives a total of $13,000
in their bank account after $2,000 is deducted to pay off the remaining
balance of the original $10,000 cash advance.

## Questions about financing with Parafin

For questions related to Parafin, call (855) 558-5005 or email
[help@parafin.com](mailto:help@parafin.com). They are available Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m (PT).

