---
title: Amazon Lending with SellersFi
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GE94E7Z8TR5K7D5R
section: General Documentation
---

## Products available through SellersFi

SellersFi offers a business line of credit and a term loan to qualifying US-
based businesses by invitation. Lines of up to $10 million and term loans of
up to $2.5 million are available to eligible Amazon sellers.

## Applying for multiple financing options

A line of credit or term loan from SellersFi can't be combined with other
financing products on Seller Central. Your business may have applications in
progress with other Amazon Lending partners. However, once your business
accepts a proposal with SellersFi, it won't be able to move forward with any
applications that you have in progress with other financial providers.

## About the SellersFi business line of credit

The SellersFi business line of credit has a term of up to 24 months. At the
end of the term, your business may renew the line of credit, subject to
approval, for up to an additional 24 months.

During the term of the agreement, your business can draw down on the line of
credit up to the maximum amount available, not to exceed the original maximum
amount of the line.

**Note:** SellersFi will verify owner and business details for security and
compliance purposes.

Your initial invitation is determined by an analysis of your business's
performance on Amazon.com. By connecting to other e-commerce accounts,
SellersFi may consider your sales on those platforms and potentially change
the line of credit amount you are offered.

##  **About the SellersFi term loan**

The SellersFi term loan has a term of up to 24 months with a fixed fee The
fixed fee is a one-time fee, calculated as a percentage of the total loan
amount. It is payable over the life of the loan.

**Note:** SellersFi will verify owner and business details for security and
compliance purposes. For loans under $250,000, a personal guarantee will be
required.

Your initial invitation is determined by an analysis of your business's
performance on Amazon.com. By connecting to other e-commerce accounts,
SellersFi may consider your sales on those platforms and potentially change
the term loan amount you are offered.

## Update the bank account associated with a SellersFi business line of credit
or term loan

Per the financing agreement with SellersFi, once you enter into a financing
agreement, you may not change your bank account that is associated with your
line of credit or term loan. If a change of bank account is necessary, contact
SellersFi at (888) 841-7175 to request the change.

## Pay off a SellersFi business line of credit

You can make prepayments at any time without penalty. Prepayments will reduce
the interest owed, because interest accrues only on the drawn balance. An
account that is repaid fully remains open, and you can continue to request
funds up to your credit limit.

##  **Pay off a SellersFi term loan**

Payments are electronically debited on a periodic basis from the bank account
that you provide, based on the loan terms. You can make prepayments at any
time without penalty.

## Impact to your credit score

Applying for a SellersFi business line of credit or term loan won't affect
your personal credit score because SellersFi uses a soft credit-inquiry
process in the application. The application may be reflected on your
businessâ€™s credit report.

SellersFi reports repayments to credit-reporting agencies, which may affect
your business and personal credit report.

## Questions about financing from SellersFi

For questions related to SellersFi, call (888) 841-7175. They're available
Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time.

