---
title: Amazon Lending with Uncapped
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5HRD8AZGHWGYC9V
section: General Documentation
---

## Products available through Uncapped

Uncapped offers a term loan to qualifying US-based businesses by invitation.
Loans up to $5 million are available to eligible Amazon sellers.

The Uncapped term loan has a term of up to 18 months with a fixed fee
structure. A fixed fee, calculated as a percentage of the total loan amount,
is included in your repayment installments over the life of the loan. If you
pay off the loan early, only the principal outstanding is collected.

**Note:** Uncapped will verify owner and business details for security and
compliance purposes.

Your initial invitation is determined by an analysis of your business's
performance on Amazon.com. By connecting to other e-commerce accounts,
Uncapped may consider your sales on those platforms and potentially change
your total offer.

## Update the bank account associated with an Uncapped term loan

Per the financing agreement with Uncapped, once you enter into a financing
agreement, you may not change your bank account that is associated with your
term loan. If a change of bank account is necessary, contact Uncapped at (833)
784-7021 or email [amazon-support@weareuncapped.com](mailto:amazon-
support@weareuncapped.com) to request the change.

## Pay off an Uncapped term loan

Payments are electronically debited on a pre-arranged cadence from the bank
account that you provide, based on the loan terms. You can make prepayments at
any time without penalty.

## Impact to your credit score

Applying for an Uncapped term loan won't affect your personal credit score.
Uncapped reports repayments to credit-reporting agencies, which may affect
your business and personal credit report.

## Questions about financing from Uncapped

For questions related to Uncapped, call (833) 784-7021, Monday through Friday,
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time, or email [amazon-
support@weareuncapped.com](mailto:amazon-support@weareuncapped.com).

