---
title: Amazon Renewed Listing Guide
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202190060
section: General Documentation
---

## How to create a Renewed ASIN?

We suggest for the best search and discoverability for your customers you use
the Certified Refurbished ASIN Creation Tool when there is a new equivalent in
the Amazon catalog.  

  1. In your Seller Central account, go to **Catalog** > **Add Products** .
  2. Click **I am adding a certified refurbished product**.

**Note:** This link will only appear if you are an approved Renewed seller.

  3. Enter the new equivalent ASIN of the item you will be offering as Renewed.
  4. If you are selling in multiple stores, you will have the chance to select if you would like to create a Renewed ASIN in these stores.
  5. If you are creating a PC or Wireless Renewed ASIN in the EU/UK/NA you will have the ability to select a cosmetic grade.  

    1. If no selection is made, your offer will be created by default under Grade 1 - Excellent condition.
    2. For more information, go to the **Multi-grade offers on Renewed Wireless and PC ASINs** section below.
  6. If there is not an already existing Renewed ASIN, you will be prompted to optionally add:
     * Inventory Quantity 
     * Price
       * Keep in mind Renewed ASINs must be priced 5% less or more than the new equivalent. 
     * SKU, for your internal bookkeeping.
     * UPC, cannot be the same UPC as the new item.
  7. Select **Create Renewed ASIN**.

If you are unable to locate a new equivalent on Amazon, you must create your
ASIN from scratch.  

  1. In your Seller Central account, go to **Catalog** > **Add Products** .
  2. Click **I am adding a product not sold on Amazon**.
  3. Select the category that best fits your item and scroll down to **Select Category**.
  4. Enter all required information.
  5. For your title, you must add (Renewed) at the end. For example, Nikon Coolpix S7000 Wi-Fi Digital Camera (Renewed).
  6. Your condition type must be "New".  

    1. If you are creating a PC or Wireless Renewed ASIN in the EU/UK/NA you will have the ability to select a different condition that corresponds to our product grading. ASINs that are created without a condition type will not be pulled into the Renewed catalog.
    2. For more information, go to the **Multi-grade offers on Renewed Wireless and PC ASINs** section below.
  7. Once all required information is added, you will be able to select **Save and Finish**.

Our team will ensure these newly created ASINs are added to the Renewed
catalog within 5 business days.

## Multi-grade offers on Renewed Wireless and PC ASINs

This option is currently only available in the EU/UK/NA at this time.

For Wireless and PC ASINs only, you will be able to create offers on the same
Renewed ASIN under three distinct cosmetic conditions:  

  1. Grade 1 - Excellent condition (that is, former Renewed single grade), continue to use the condition type - New.
  2. Grade 2 - Good condition, use the condition type Used - Good.
  3. Grade 3 - Acceptable condition, use the condition type Used -Acceptable.

For detailed descriptions of each cosmetic condition across product
categories, go to [Amazon Renewed Quality Policy for North
America](/gp/help/G202190320).

If you are an approved Amazon Renewed seller in the EU/UK/NA in Wireless and
PC product categories and do not see the condition drop-down menu, you can
contact your Account Manager or open a case to Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support#). Ensure to configure your language settings in
English for this action.

## Create Renewed Apple ASIN

We have a separate process for listing Renewed Apple products. To find the
ASIN, you can perform a name search in the **Add Products** section of Seller
Central or open a case for Amazon Renewed Selling Partner Support.

If you are unable to search and add a Renewed product offer, you can contact
your Account Manager or open a case for Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support#). Ensure to configure your language settings in
English for this action.

## Renewed Listing Guidelines

For the best customer experience, we expect all Renewed ASINs to follow the
below listing guidelines in addition to all listing requirements in the
[Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) :

  * All ASINs must have (Renewed) at the end of the title. For example, Nikon Coolpix S7000 Wi-Fi Digital Camera (Renewed).
  * All Renewed ASINs must be listed at a 5% or more discount than its new counterpart. This is to remain in compliance with [Amazon Marketplace Fair Pricing Policy](/gp/help/G5TUVJKZHUVMN77V).
  * All images must be adhering to [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881).
  * Do not use your seller name as the Brand or Manufacturer, unless your product is a Private Label.
  * Do not mention warranties in your title, descriptions or bullet points.
  * All ASINs should adhere to [Product Detail page rules](/gp/help/G200390640).

If you have additional questions, contact Selling Partner Support in Contact
Us in Seller Central.

## Renewed Pricing

Renewed repricing rule allows you to automatically adjust prices on the
Renewed SKUs in your inventory. Your price can adjust to the relevant New
Equivalent Featured Offer with a regular automated pricing rule. Additionally,
setting a Renewed repricing rule will raise or lower your prices in response
to the New ASIN that is mapped to the Renewed version. That way, if the price
of the new version of the product drops, your price will adjust to remain at
least 5% lower than the corresponding featured offer on the New equivalent
ASIN.

  

  1. In your Seller Central account, go to **Automate Pricing** under the **Pricing** tab, click **Create a new pricing rule**.
  2. Renewed Apple ASIN creation
  3. From the **Create a new pricing rule** screen, select the Renewed pricing rule type and give it a name and choose the store where the rule will be active.
  4. Next, define the parameters of your pricing rule:  

    1. Your Renewed ASIN should always be priced at least 5% below the New ASIN. In the first section you can specify to reprice your SKU by a certain amount or percentage below New. If there is no New ASIN mapped to your Renewed ASIN, this part of the rule will be ignored.
    2. You can also reprice your SKU in relation to other offers that are made on the same Renewed ASIN. You can stay below, above, or match the Featured Offer by a certain percentage or amount.

**Note:** As you make each entry, a rule summary at the bottom will be updated
with your selections.

    3. The third section of the rule parameters will allow you to choose the types of offers and conditions that your prices will be compared against.
    4. Finally, let Amazon know whether to pause this rule when your price is updated elsewhere.

After you are satisfied with how your rule is defined, click **Save this rule
in Amazon**.

Once you have created a Renewed Pricing Rule, go to [Add SKUs to a pricing
rule](/gp/help/201995760).

## Frequently asked questions

#### Why am I not able to list my products on Amazon Renewed?

You must be approved to sell Renewed products. If you would like to apply to
sell Renewed items, go to [Amazon Renewed](/gp/help/G201648580).

If you are approved and are still unable to sell, contact Amazon Renewed
Selling Partner Support.

#### Why are some countries grayed out or not available in the ASIN creation
tool?

If you are seeing a grayed out country this means the new ASIN is not
available in that country. Follow the steps mentioned above on how to create a
Renewed ASIN from scratch.

If you are not seeing a country all together, this means you are not allowed
to or not set up to sell in this country. If you would like to expand into
other countries, contact Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support#).

#### Why am I getting an error "product type is not available"?

Ensure your products are on our approved list of items,
[here](/gp/help/GZZVY5QX4DZHWHSW).

Commonly this error returns when the New equivalent ASIN is missing key
attributes or has incorrect categorization or information in the catalog (for
example, category, recommended browse node, item type keyword).

The best recommended option is to edit the listing to validate or correct the
info in Seller Central and wait for 24 hours before reattempting creation, go
to **Manage Inventory** > **Edit** > **Vital Info** .

If the issue persists, contact Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support#).

#### The ASIN creation tool prompts with a successful message of ASIN
creation, but the ASIN is not in my MYI?

Sign out from your current session in Seller Central and sign-in again to
create the ASIN and reattempt your submission. If the issue persists, contact
Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner Support](/help/hub/support#).

#### Why am I getting a “Not Authorized” error?

This means you are not authorized to list this product because of either
category or brand restrictions. You must have the option to request approval.
If you do not have this option, apply for approval in Seller Central, go to
**Catalog** > **View Selling Applications** . If this issue persists, contact
Amazon Renewed [Selling Partner Support](/help/hub/support#).

