---
title: Amazon Outlet
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHLYT4TPVCY2MJE3
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Outlet is a great place for customers to shop for overstock deals, and
clearance products. Outlet offers a wide selection of items, such as
electronics, toys, beauty, and kitchen.

You can review Outlet deal recommendations in the [FBA
Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) tool and create deals to
be featured on the [Outlet page](https://www.amazon.com/outlet) once approved
by Amazon. This option can increase sell-through, improve cash flow, optimize
inventory levels, and reduce total storage fees.

## How Outlet deals work

Sellers submit promotional offers via the **Create Outlet deal** section of
the **FBA Inventory** page, and selected deals are featured on the Outlet page
for a fixed period of two weeks.

To participate in Outlet, you must have a Professional selling plan and an
overall customer rating of at least 4 stars.

ASINs must meet the following criteria to be eligible for listing on Outlet,
which are subject to change:

  * Have inventory in Amazon fulfillment centers for at least 90 days 
  * Have at least 1 unit of inventory on-hand
  * Be in new condition
  * Have a product rating of at least 4 stars or no reviews 
  * Are not currently enrolled in another Deal promotion such as Lightning Deals
  * Have not appeared as an Outlet deal in the past 60 days
  * Is not restricted for sale in your store

The [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) page shows which
of your eligible products Amazon recommends for Outlet deals, based on factors
such as customer demand and inventory age.

**Note:** Not every eligible product will be suggested for an Outlet deal. We
evaluate ASIN eligibility regularly, so an ASIN you see suggested today may
not be suggested tomorrow in case they are no longer eligible. ASINs featured
as Outlet deals will not become eligible for an Outlet deal again for 60 days
after the deal ends. Updating your product settings may help improve our
suggestions and allow for your product to be suggested again.

## Create and manage an Outlet deal

To create an Outlet deal, follow these steps:

  1. On Seller Central, go to **Inventory** , select **FBA Inventory**.

  2. To filter for eligible inventory, click **Create Outlet deal** in the **Recommendation filter**. 

  3. From the drop-down menu in the **Action** column to the right of the eligible item, select **Create Outlet deal**.

  4. In the pop-up window, enter your price in the **Outlet deal price** box. Your price must be less than or equal to the maximum price.

**Note:** The maximum deal price takes into consideration the lowest ASIN
price in new condition. This price may fluctuate if the product's current sale
price changes. After the deal begins, Amazon may cancel it without advance
notice if the product's sale prices rise above the Outlet deal price.

  5. Review the start and end dates for your Outlet deal.

  6. Click **Submit**.

The message **Outlet deal submission successful** will appear if your deal was
submitted correctly. If you see the message **Maximum deal price is $x** ,
change your deal price so it is less than or equal to the maximum.

Successful submissions will be processed twice per week, and, if successfully
submitted, will be kept in a pending status until Amazon schedules the deal.
Not all successful submissions are guaranteed to become deals. Go to the
[Outlet Deals](/reportcentral/OUTLET/1) report to view the status of your
deals.

When an approved Outlet deal starts, the price of the item will automatically
change to the deal price you submitted. When the deal ends, the price will
change back to the price you set before the promotion.

**Note:** If your deal no longer meets the customer value criteria for outlet
criteria, for example, because you increase your price, your Outlet deal will
be canceled.

**Note:** Not all Outlet deal submissions will be approved. A successful
submission does not guarantee the deal will be approved and created due to
issues, such as low customer review ratings or conflicting deal schedules. If
your deal is approved, we will send you an email.

To find the Outlet Deals report, on Seller Central, go to **Reports** and
select **Fulfillment**. You will find the Outlet Deals report under **Sales**
on the left side of the page. You can also access the report from the FBA
inventory page by clicking **Check status in Outlet Deals** report under the
price for submitted ASINs.

**Outlet Fees**

There are no additional deal fees for using Outlet. Standard fulfillment and
referral fees still apply for participating ASINs.

## How to check the status of an Outlet deal

You can check your deal submission results, deal start and end dates, and deal
status in the Outlet Deals report.

  1. From the **Reports** drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Fulfillment**.

  2. Under **Sales** on the left-side navigation, select **Outlet Deals**. 

**Note:** If a report is not immediately generated for the ASIN, allow up to
24 hours before requesting another one. You can also expand the **Event Date**
range (for example, to **last 3 days** or **last 7 days**).

## Cancel an Outlet deal submission

There are two ways you can cancel an Outlet deal submission.

If you choose to cancel before Amazon completes its review:

  1. From the **Inventory** drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **FBA Inventory**.

  2. From the drop-down menu in the **Action** column to the right of the eligible item, select **Create Outlet deal**.

  3. Click **Cancel** in the Outlet deal pop-up window.

If you choose to cancel after the deal begins:  

  1. Check the Outlet Deals report to see if that ASIN is currently running a deal.
  2. Contact Selling Partner Support to have the deal canceled.
  3. Once you receive notification of the deal being canceled, you can either:  

    1. Update the "Sale End Date" to the previous day’s date, or
    2. Remove the "Sale Price" on their ASIN.

**Note:** A deal that is pending a start time cannot be canceled. You will
have to wait until the deal begins before you will be able to cancel.

**Note:** While you can raise the deal price, if the sale price rises above
the Outlet deal price, it may result in Amazon cancelling the deal without
notice. Doing this could negatively affect sales of your ASINs in Outlet
deals.

**Note:** ASINs that are submitted for the same deal start times may be
grouped together. In the event that we cancel a deal due to a price violation
or seller request, all ASINs grouped together will be removed.

## Combined Outlet deal and coupon discount

Outlet deal and sale discounts can be combined with discounts from other
promotions that you are offering on that product at the same time, including
coupons, promotions, sale prices, and giveaways. For example, if your Outlet
deal offers a 50% discount on a $100 ASIN and you also have a 5% off coupon
running at the same time, the total discount would be $55.

  * Standard price: $100
  * Outlet deal discount: 50%
  * Coupon discount: 5%
  * Total discount: (100 x 0.5) + (100 x 0.05) = $55

## Outlet best practices

  * **Remove pricing rules for an ASIN before submitting.** Pricing rules might prevent the price of the ASIN from dropping automatically. These deals would be removed from Outlet, and could result in the ASINs being ineligible for Outlet recommendations.
  * **Use high-quality images.** Products with sufficient overstock inventory and high-quality images are more likely to be featured in our marketing campaigns at an ASIN level.
  * Consider combining Outlet deals with coupons to provide further discounts to customers.
  * There is no quantity limit. Do not submit an Outlet deal if you are unsure about running the deal for two full weeks.
  * Discount sibling ASIN variations, even without an Outlet deal recommendation.

## Frequently asked questions

#### I selected the Create Outlet deal option in the Recommendation filter on
the FBA Inventory page, but no deals appear. Why?

The **Create Outlet deal** option is a suggestion filter that will remain on
the FBA Inventory page even if there are no ASINs currently eligible for
Outlet deals.

#### Why hasn't my deal started yet?

Upcoming deals can be kept in a pending status if there is limited capacity on
the Outlet deals page, even when the ASINs passes the original start date
listed. Once a deal has been fully scheduled to start, the status of ASIN
should change to **APPROVED** and the deal start and end dates will be
updated.

#### Why was my Outlet deal submission not approved?

The reasons for Amazon not approving an Outlet deal submission include, but
are not limited to, the following:

  * The ASIN is already scheduled by you for another deal that overlaps with the Outlet deal schedule, such as Lightning Deals.
  * The product images do not follow category guidelines. For more information, go to [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881).
  * The customer review rating is below four stars.
  * You ran out of stock for the ASIN.

#### Why can't I cancel my deal?

You may be unable to immediately cancel an Outlet deal for reasons including,
but not limited to, the following:

  * The deal has not started yet. Any pending ASIN deals cannot be canceled until it officially starts. Review the Outlet Deals report.
  * The ASIN was eligible, but is currently not eligible for a deal. As eligibility refreshes weekly, your ASIN might lose its eligibility before a deal can be created. It is important to monitor which ASINs are eligible weekly.
  * There is no deal running for that ASIN. It is important to always be aware which ASIN is running a deal at all times.
  * The deal was already removed after the price was raised higher than the maximum deal price. Deals may be canceled by Amazon without notice if the product’s sale price rises above the Outlet deal price. Raising the deal price on your own can negatively affect the sale of your ASINs in Outlet deals.

#### Why can't I find my ASIN on the Outlet homepage?

Before looking for your ASIN on the Outlet page, confirm the status of your
submitted deal by checking the Outlet deal report. If the status of the ASIN
is **Submitted** or **Ended** , your ASIN will not appear on Outlet. If the
status is **Running** , your ASIN should appear on Outlet.

To search for your ASIN on Outlet, select any applicable category of your
product and look for your offer among the available deals. Search all
applicable categories.

The placement of products on Outlet is based on customer preference.

If you still cannot find your deal, it may have been removed after approval
for not meeting guidelines.

#### Why was my Outlet deal removed after approval?

Your Outlet deal may be removed after approval for a variety of reasons,
including but not limited to:

  * Pricing:
    * Your deal price became higher than the maximum recommended Outlet deal price. The maximum deal price takes into consideration the lowest price from any seller with an offer on the product in new condition. For more information on a resolution, go to [Troubleshooting suppressed and active deals](/gp/help/GKN9A84DGTYWYHWY).
    * The current selling price changed before the deal started, possibly resulting in the deal price being higher than the current sale price.
  * You do not have any remaining inventory for that ASIN.
  * The product rating fell under the current minimum eligibility threshold.

#### May I limit the quantity for Outlet?

No, you may not limit the quantity for Outlet. You must not submit an ASIN for
an Outlet deal if you do not want to possibly sell through all of your
inventory at the Outlet deal price.

#### Where can I find the performance report for my participating ASIN?

You can view the performance of your participating ASIN by tracking it during
its deal runtime.  

  1. From the **Reports** drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Fulfillment**.
  2. Under **Sales** on the left side, select **All orders**. 

You can check the runtime of your deal through the Outlet Deals report.  

  1. From the **Reports** drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Fulfillment**.
  2. Under **Sales** on the left side, select **Outlet deals**. 

#### Will pricing rules on my ASIN affect my participation in Outlet?

Yes, pricing rules will impact your participation in Outlet deals. Review the
price rules as needed to make sure minimum deal prices set in the auto pricing
rules are higher than the Outlet deal price. If the price fails to drop due to
these pricing rules or the price increases above Outlet **Maximum deal price**
, the deal will be canceled without notice.

To amend, pause, or delete a pricing rule, from the **Pricing** drop-down menu
on Seller Central, select **Automate Pricing**. Then, in the **Action** column
for the pricing rule, select one of the following actions from the drop-down
menu:

  * **Pause rule** temporarily suspends the rule. You can resume a paused rule at any time by selecting **Resume rule**.
  * **Delete rule** permanently deletes the rule.
  * **Edit rule parameters** to edit the parameters of the pricing rule, just as you first established the rule.

