---
title: Amazon Global Logistics Freight Terms and related Program Policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5N72FX7B37YJ3AT
section: General Documentation
---

These Amazon Global Logistics Freight Terms (these **"****AGL Freight
Terms****"**) are part of the Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement
(the **"****Agreement****"**) and only apply to shipments transported through
the Amazon Global Logistics Freight program (**"****AGL Freight
Program****"**).

If book a shipment from the United States, Amazon Logistics, Inc., for itself
and as a limited agent for its Affiliate, Beijing Century Joyo Courier Co.,
Ltd., arranges international shipping and customs clearance to move your Cargo
from an Origin to a Destination (**"****Amazon Global Logistics
Freight****"**) through the AGL Freight Program.

If you book a shipment from Europe, Amazon EU S.á.r.l., for itself and as a
limited agent for its Affiliate, Beijing Century Joyo Courier Co., Ltd.,
provides Amazon Global Logistics Freight through the AGL Freight Program.

BY USING THE AGL FREIGHT PROGRAM, YOU (ON YOUR BEHALF OR FOR THE BUSINESS YOU
REPRESENT) ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS, ANY TARIFFS, ANY
BOOKING ORDERS, ANY BILLS OF LADING, AND ANY PROGRAM POLICIES. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT, INCLUDING THESE AGL FREIGHT
TERMS, ANY TARIFFS, ANY BOOKING ORDERS, ANY BILLS OF LADING, AND ANY PROGRAM
POLICIES, DO NOT USE THE AGL FREIGHT PROGRAM.

We may engage any of our Affiliates or any third party to complete one or more
of the Amazon Global Logistics Freight outlined below. Any capitalized term
not defined in these AGL Freight Terms has the meaning attributed to it in the
Agreement.

**_AGL Freight Program_**

**1 Scope of AGL Freight Program**

**1.1** Through the AGL Freight Program, you may ship your Cargo from an
Origin to a Destination using the mode of transportation you select from the
options provided to you depending on the Origin (e.g., air, ocean, rail,
and/or road), as specified in the Program Policies.

**1.2** You must follow the Program Policies and comply with applicable Law
when you use Amazon Global Logistics Freight, including our requirements for
tendering Cargo, all legal and regulatory requirements of the Origin and
Destination, and our carriers’ shipping requirements.

**1.3** You are responsible for all costs to ship your Cargo using the AGL
Freight Program, including freight charges, insurance, export, customs,
duties, taxes, and other charges, regardless of the source.

**1.4** We may decline to ship any Cargo for any reason, including, without
limitation, because we discover that it (a) is not accurately described in the
Booking Order or applicable customs documentation, or (b) includes (1)
flammable, explosive, poisonous, corrosive, radioactive goods, (2) goods of an
otherwise dangerous or hazardous nature, or (3) other goods prone to causing
damage to shipping equipment or other goods. You will not tender Unsuitable
Units. We may return Unsuitable Units at your expense or re-package/re-label
it and assess an administrative fee, as specified in the Program Policies.

**1.5** Title for a shipment is transferred, if at all, under the Bill of
Lading. We assume risk of loss for Cargo transported through Amazon Global
Logistics Freight only when received by our carrier in the Origin until the
carrier delivers it to the importer of record (**"****IOR****")** at the
Destination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the FBA Service Terms govern risk
of loss once Cargo arrives at our fulfillment center in the Destination.

**1.6** You authorize each carrier and/or customs broker to provide us with
any shipment related information, including tracking information.

**1.7** Tariffs, Program Policies, accepted Booking Orders, Bills of Lading,
and any notices issued by us or our carriers (**"****Notices**"****) are a
part of these AGL Freight Terms and may provide additional and different terms
for specific modes of transportation, Eligible Countries, tasks, or shipments.

**1.8** This order of precedence applies to any conflict among terms in the
different parts of these AGL Freight Terms: (a) _Sections 1 through 18_ of
these AGL Freight Terms; (b) any country-specific Program Policy; (c) any
mode-specific Program Policy; (c) any Amazon-issued Bill of Lading; (d) any
Amazon Tariff; (e) any third party-issued Bill of Lading; and (f) any third
party Tariff. If there is a conflict among terms in the Agreement, the Program
Policies will prevail over these AGL Freight Terms, and these AGL Freight
Terms will prevail over the General Terms of the Agreement.

**2 Booking Orders**

**2.1** You select the mode of transportation for a shipment when you complete
an order for Amazon Global Logistics Freight on Seller Central (a
**"****Booking Order**"****). Once we confirm our acceptance, the Booking
Order becomes a part of these AGL Freight Terms.

**2.2** You may cancel or change any accepted Booking Order (e.g., change the
Origin or Destination, transit port, or shipping method) by notifying us
through Seller Central or other means specified by us within the lead time for
cancellations or changes specified in the Program Policies.

**2.3** After the lead time for cancellations or changes, we will use
commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate any requested cancellation or
change but may assess an administrative fee, as specified in the Program
Policies, or decline to accommodate the cancellation or change for any reason.

**2.4** We will confirm whether we can accommodate any cancellation or change
request within a reasonable time. No cancellation or change is effective until
our written confirmation and your payment of any fees we assess. You are
responsible for any fees or other consequences resulting from cancelling or
changing a Booking Order.

**2.5** If we are unable to load your Cargo due to issues with our carrier or
any of our subcontractors, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to
timely notify you and assist in arranging alternate services.

**2.6** You must coordinate each shipment with the exporter of record
(**"****EOR****")** and IOR. You must timely notify us of the Origin and
Destination and your desired door-to-door packing, pick-up, and delivery
times. You will timely provide us with any other delivery information we
reasonably request.

**3 Special Cargo and Dangerous Goods**

**3.1** Except as provided in Section 3.3, you must not, and will ensure that
EOR does not, use Amazon Global Logistics Freight to transport Special Cargo
or Dangerous Goods unless we provide written approval of a Dangerous Goods the
shipment in advance.

**3.2** To request approval to ship Special Cargo or Dangerous Goods, you must
provide a written request through Seller Central or other means specified by
us that conspicuously and accurately describes the labeling, packaging,
nature, quantity, and size of the goods, the preventive measures you employ to
minimize associated risks, and any special requirements for loading,
unloading, handling, and shipping.

**3.3** We may accept the following types of Dangerous Goods if you provide
all the documents we reasonably required for the applicable type of Dangerous
Goods:

UN3481, PI966, Section 2: lithium-ion batteries packed with equipment;

UN3481, PI967, Section 2: lithium-ion batteries in equipment;

UN3091, PI969, Section 2: lithium metal batteries packed with equipment; and

UN3091, PI970, Section 2: lithium metal batteries in equipment.

**4 Export and Import Documents**

**4.1** You will ensure the EOR delivers a full and complete set of clean
customs declaration materials to us to facilitate the export of your Cargo
from the Origin and importation into the Destination, including contracts,
invoices, commodity inspection and other relevant certificates, licenses,
settlement verification sheet, customs declaration form, packing lists,
relevant approvals, and other information requested by us or required for
shipping.

**4.2** You are responsible for the authenticity, lawfulness, and completeness
of the Booking Order and the declaration materials and other documentation or
information provided to us. You will promptly update any information about
Cargo consistent with our requirements and as necessary to ensure the
information is and remains accurate and complete.

**5****Tender and Inspection of Cargo**

**5.1** You will ensure the EOR packs your Cargo (unless you engage us to
palletize your cargo) and either ships it to our designated collection point
or makes it ready for pick-up at the packing/pick-up times specified in the
accepted Booking Order.

**5.2** Except otherwise agreed in writing, we will treat all Cargo as common
goods requiring the lowest level of handling or service and no storage,
stowage, or handling restrictions.

**5.3** We may, but are not required to, inspect the name, specifications,
quantity, and packaging of any tendered Cargo. We are not liable for any
consequences resulting from discrepancies between the information you provide
in the Booking Order or applicable customs documentation and the actual
tendered Cargo, regardless of whether we inspect the Cargo.

**5.4** You will ensure the EOR packs all Cargo in accordance with applicable
Law and any of our requirements or the requirements of our carriers. If we
discover any inadequacy or breakage in your packaging, or that the Cargo or
packaging contradict the written materials provided by you, we will record the
situation and notify you promptly.

**5.5** We may reject any tendered Cargo if we discover that the external
packaging does not appear to be intact, unless, upon special request from you,
we agree in writing to ship Cargo with broken or inadequate external
packaging. In such a case, we will not be liable for any loss of or damage to
the Cargo.

**6 Shipping Cargo**

**6.1** We will arrange shipping equipment, personnel, and other facilities
for your Cargo with a carrier or subcontractor.

**6.2** If your Cargo is refused entry or impounded by an authority during the
transit or at the Destination, or the IOR fails to take delivery on time or
abandons the Cargo, you will pay all resulting fees and expenses (including
but not limited to, shipping fee demurrage fee, custody fee, warehousing and
storage fee, cost of re-export or return to the Origin, disposition fee in
auction, sell-off or disposal) and bear all the related risks and liabilities.

**6.3** We may re-direct or change the Destination of a shipment without your
written approval for any reasonable cause, including inclement weather.

**7 Customs Clearance**

**7.1** To facilitate customs clearance, you must provide us with a full and
complete set of the clean Bill of Lading or other required documents issued
for a shipment by the carrier to the EOR. Upon our receipt of such documents,
we will engage a broker to clear your Cargo through customs at the
Destination.

**7.2** You may designate yourself or any party (other than Amazon or its
Affiliates) as the EOR and/or IOR for each of your shipments. The EOR is the
actual exporter of your Cargo in the Origin. The IOR is the actual importer of
your Cargo in the Destination. The EOR and IOR retain sole responsibility for
importing and exporting your Cargo. If you fail to designate any EOR or IOR,
you will be listed as the EOR or IOR.

**7.3** Amazon and its Affiliates will not act as (a) the EOR for your Cargo,
or (b) the IOR for your Cargo. If you list Amazon or any of its Affiliates on
any import documents, we may refuse to accept the Cargo covered by the import
documents and collect any costs incurred by or assessed against Amazon or any
of its Affiliates from your Seller Account or recover such costs by other
means at our election.

**7.4** You will ensure that the EOR and IOR execute and deliver, upon our
request, a Power of Attorney and each other document or instrument required
for us or our designated customs broker to proceed with customs clearance and
related activities on the goods.

**7.5** You must keep a copy of all shipping materials provided to the EOR for
the period specified in the Program Policies and pay all fees, costs, taxes,
and charges related to customs clearance and similar formalities, including
any storage or related costs pending clearance or other disposition.

**7.6** You will promptly assist us in resolving any problems with a shipment
attributable to you, Your Personnel, the EOR, or the IOR. You will promptly
advise us of any **"** hold**"** order, including, but not limited to,
inspection, detention, or seizure, issued by any customs officials and provide
all details about such “hold” order.

**8 Insurance**

In addition to the insurance specified in _Section 9_ of the General Terms of
the Agreement, if you participate in the AGL Freight Program, you must
maintain insurance coverage for the risks that may be associated with the
Amazon Global Logistics Freight, including (a) all marine risk, air cargo
risk, and property insurance for Cargo covering the entire loss, and (b) third
party liability insurance and public liability insurance.

**9 Compensation for Amazon Global Logistics Freight**

**9.1 Shipping Fees.** The fees and other costs for Amazon Global Logistics
Freight are as set forth in the Program Policies and Tariffs. You will pay all
fees and costs for your shipments at the Destination, regardless of whether
you are the IOR.

**9.2 Service Fee Estimate.** We will provide an estimate of the end-to-end
freight fee, customs clearance fee, and, if elected, palletization and loading
fee, for a shipment based on the information provided in the Booking Order
(the “**Preliminary Estimate** ”). If you elect to have your Cargo picked up,
we will contact you within 48 hours of accepting a Booking Order to provide an
estimate of our fee to pick up your Cargo (the “**Collection Fee Estimate**
”). Neither the Preliminary Estimate nor the Collection Fee estimate include
export and import duties and taxes, accessorial charges, and any fees for
other services, such as FBA. The actual charge may differ from the estimate if
the weight, size, or dimensions of your Cargo, as determined by us or our
carrier, differs from what is reported in the Booking Order.

**9.3 Accessorial Charges.** You must pay any accessorial charges specified in
a Bill of Lading, the Program Policies, or any Tariffs (“**Accessorial
Charges** ”) if any of the circumstances triggering such accessorial charges
occur during a shipment. In addition to Accessorial Charges, you must pay any
additional costs or expenses reasonably incurred for the benefit of your
Cargo, protecting any other property from your Cargo, or arising due to any
force majeure event or otherwise arising under any Bill of Lading.

**9.4 Taxes.** You are responsible for any value added tax or similar taxes
(if any) arising out of AGL Freight Program. All fees and charges payable by
you in the AGL Freight Program are exclusive of taxes and duties, including,
without limitation, VAT, excise taxes, sales and transaction taxes, and gross
receipts taxes (**"****Indirect Taxes**"****). You will inform us as
reasonably required to determine whether we must collect Indirect Taxes from
you. We will not collect, and you will not pay, any such Indirect Tax or duty
for which you furnish to us a properly completed exemption certificate or a
direct payment permit certificate or for which we may claim an available
exemption from Indirect Tax. All payments made by you to us through the AGL
Freight Program will be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction
for taxes. If any such taxes (for example, international withholding taxes)
must be withheld on any payment, you will pay such additional amounts as are
necessary so the net amount received by us is equal to the amount then due
under these AGL Freight Terms. We will provide you with such tax forms as are
reasonably requested to reduce or eliminate any withholding or deduction for
taxes regarding payments made under these AGL Freight Terms.

**9.5 Proceeds.** We may keep all proceeds of any Cargo we dispose of or to
which title transfers, including returned, damaged, or abandoned Cargo. You
will have no security interest, lien, or another claim to the proceeds we
receive in the sale, fulfillment, and/or shipment of such Cargo.

**9.6 Payment.** We will charge your Seller Central account for your shipment
upon its delivery to Destination or as the fees, costs or expenses are
incurred. You will receive a statement of fees and any additional costs or
expenses incurred relating to but not limited to: the benefit of Cargo,
protecting any other property from Cargo, force majeure event, customs
inspection of animals and plants, hygiene inspection, commodity inspection, or
customs inspection of Cargo. We will debit these statement amounts, as
updated, from your Seller Account automatically without additional notice, and
you expressly consent to each debit we make from your Seller Account. You will
receive a debit note reflecting the amounts we debit from your Seller Account.
A debit note may contain additional or different terms and conditions
applicable to your Seller Account, payment obligations, credit, or other
matters regarding your relationship with us; any additional or different terms
provided by us in a debit note shall prevail over anything to the contrary.

**9.7 Lien.** If we cannot deduct the fees, charges, costs, and taxes through
your account due to invalid payment card or other reasons, we may immediately
terminate these AGL Freight Terms and seize or assert or foreclose upon a lien
or otherwise take action upon or against any goods provided by you, and/or
withhold such documents and files, including but not limited to any Bill of
Lading, other shipping documents, or verification sheet, and charge you a late
fee of 0.3% for each day of delay, until all of such fees and amounts and any
other sums owed by you to us from prior transactions are paid off, and you
will bear any liabilities, expenses, and risks caused therefrom. Our rights
are cumulative and not limited by any provision of the Agreement, Program
Policies, or otherwise limited by any agreement, writing, publication, Tariff,
document, or interpretation of the foregoing. Any lien we assert regarding any
goods secures payment of freight, charges, costs, taxes, and other applicable
sums on such goods plus any other sums due and owing regarding any prior
shipments, contracts, goods, services, or obligations.

**10 Indemnity**

In addition to your indemnification obligations under _Section 6_ of the
General Terms of the Agreement, you also agree to indemnify, defend, and hold
harmless us, our Affiliates, and our and their respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives, and agents against any Claim that arises from or
relates to (a) the Cargo (whether title has transferred to us or not),
including any personal injury, death, or property damage or delay; or (b) any
information about the Cargo that you, Your Personnel, the EOR, or the IOR
provides or fails to provide, including inaccurate or omitted information in
any Booking Order or customs declaration materials.

**11 Release**

In addition to the release provided in Section F-11 of the FBA Service Terms,
the Releasing Parties irrevocably acknowledge full and complete satisfaction
of and unconditionally and irrevocably release and forever discharge the
Released Parties from any Losses which the Releasing Parties now own or hold
or have owned or held or may hold or own against the Released Parties, or any
of them, arising out of, resulting from, or related to any failure by you,
Your Personnel, the EOR, the IOR, or your Cargo to comply with the these AGL
Freight Terms, including the Program Policies, Tariffs, and issued Bills of
Lading.

**12 Disclaimer**

IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMER IN SECTION F-12 OF THE FBA SERVICE TERMS, WE
MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE SEAWORTHINESS, AIRWORTHINESS,
ROADABILITY, SAFETY, OR SUITABILITY OF ANY SUBCONTRACTOR’S VESSEL, CRAFT,
VEHICLE, OR EQUIPMENT OR OTHER CONVEYANCE OR WAREHOUSE OR OTHER FACILITY OR
SPACE.

**13 Effect of Termination**

**13.1** If we discontinue the AGL Freight Program, or terminate these AGL
Freight Terms, we will, as directed by you, use reasonable effort to return or
dispose of affected Cargo. If you fail to direct us to return or dispose of
the affected Cargo within thirty (30) days after termination (or as otherwise
specified in the Program Policies), we may elect to return and/or dispose of
the Cargo as we see fit.

**13.2** Upon any termination of these AGL Freight Terms in a particular
country, all rights and obligations of the parties under these AGL Freight
Terms in such country will be extinguished, except that the following terms
will survive: _Sections 1 and 7 through 17_ , and any terms addressing the
rights and obligations of the parties regarding (a) Cargo received or stored
by us on the termination date, (b) any sums or refunds due and owing to us,
and (c) interpretation and enforcement of these AGL Freight Terms.

**13.3** No termination of these AGL Freight Terms will relieve a part of any
liability or obligation that accrued prior to such termination or expiration.

**14 Tax Matters**

Section F-14 of the FBA Service Terms apply to shipments through the AGL
Freight Program.

**15 Additional Representations**

In addition to the release provided in Section F-15 of the FBA Service Terms,
you represent and warrant to us that (a) you have all necessary rights to ship
your Cargo from the Origin to the Destination; and (b) all Cargo and its
packaging will comply with all marking, labeling, quality, security,
environmental protection, and other requirements of applicable Law, the
Program Policies, and our carrier’s shipping requirements.

**16 Bills of Lading**

**16.1** If we or the carrier issue a Bill of Lading to you or the EOR (the
**"****Shipper****"**), then the Bill of Lading is made a part of these AGL
Freight Terms. You must verify that each Bill of Lading lists you as the
Shipper, consignee, or Notify Party.

**16.2** We are only responsible for the security and safety of Cargo that is
identified on a Bill of Lading issued through the AGL Freight Program, and
always subject to the limitations and restrictions provided under these AGL
Freight Terms.

**16.3** We or our carrier may issue an electronic Bill of Lading. An
electronic Bill of Lading is deemed accepted unless rejected within a
specified period of time. Shipper consents to the use of electronic Bills of
Lading, the use of electronic signatures, and acceptance of a Bill of Lading
by failure to object within a specified period of time, and will not object to
such documents and practices.

**17****Limitation of Liability**

**17.1** With regard to any damage to, loss, delayed delivery, or error in
delivery of Cargo through the AGL Freight Program, we will be held liable
under the terms and conditions of the Bill of Lading and these AGL Freight
Terms.

**17.2** Shipper will pursue any claims regarding Amazon Global Logistics
Freight or Cargo exclusively against the Amazon contracting party (not the
carrier) and pursuant to the terms of these AGL Freight Terms. You are the
only party that may enforce any rights under the Agreement or any Bill of
Lading.

**17.3** IF WE ACT AS AN OCEAN FREIGHT FORWARDER, OUR LIABILITY WILL NOT
EXCEED THAT OF ANY CARRIER, SUBCONTRACTOR, OR PROVIDER, OR ANY SUBCONTRACTOR
AT ANY LEVEL OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND WE WILL HAVE THE FULL BENEFIT OF
EVERY LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS AND
APPLICABLE LAWS AND TREATIES.

**17.4** YOU AUTHORIZE US TO NEGOTIATE AND ENTER INTO ANY LIMITED LIABILITY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITH ANY CARRIER, SUBCONTRACTOR, PROVIDER, OR OTHER PARTY
ASSISTING WITH OR PROVIDING ANY SERVICE PURSUANT TO THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS.
TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH CONTRACT, BILL OF LADING OR OTHER SHIPPING
DOCUMENT PROVIDES FOR A LOWER LIABILITY THAN IS OTHERWISE AGREED UPON BETWEEN
YOU AND US IN THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS OR THE BILL OF LADING, WE WILL HAVE THE
BENEFIT OF SUCH LOWER LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS BETWEEN SHIPPER AND US AS IF
SUCH LIMITATION WERE DIRECTLY NEGOTIATED BY SHIPPER FOR ITS OWN BENEFIT,
EXCEPT IN INSTANCES IN WHICH YOU HAVE REQUESTED AND RECEIVED INCREASED CARGO
LIABILITY COVERAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS.

**17.5** IF A SHIPPER SUSTAINS A LOSS, SHORTAGE, DAMAGE, OR CONTAMINATION OF
CARGO DURING SHIPPING DUE TO REASONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO US, YOU, ON YOUR OWN
BEHALF OR ON BEHALF OF ANY SHIPPER SHALL SUBMIT A CLAIM TO US UNDER THE CLAIMS
PROCESS IN THE PROGRAM POLICIES.

**17.6** OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR LIABILITY UNDER THESE AGL
FREIGHT TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT DETERMINED BY APPLICATION OF THE
APPLICABLE LAW, REGULATION, OR INTERNATIONAL TREATY (I.E., THE CONVENTION ON
THE CONTRACT FOR THE INTERNATIONAL CARRIAGE OF GOODS BY ROAD FOR OVER-THE-ROAD
SHIPMENTS, THE MONTREAL CONVENTION OF 1999 FOR AIR SHIPMENTS, THE HAGUE VISBY
RULES FOR OCEAN SHIPMENTS NOT STOPPING AT A PORT IN THE UNITED STATES, AND THE
CARRIAGE OF GOODS BY SEA ACT FOR OCEAN SHIPMENTS STOPPING AT A PORT IN THE
UNITED STATES), UNLESS A GREATER AMOUNT IS: (A) PROVIDED IN A BILL OF LADING
PROVIDED BY US; (B) PROVIDED IN ONE OF OUR TARRIFS; (C) REQUIRED UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW, REGULATIONS OR INTERNATIONAL TREATIES; OR (D) AGREED TO BY THE
PARTIES IN WRITING AND MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THESE AGL FREIGHT
TERMS.

**17.7** NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THESE AGL
FREIGHT TERMS, OUR CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR COMPENSATING SHIPPER FOR ANY LOSS
OR LIABILITY IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE NO MORE THAN 80,000 USD IN ANY 12
MONTH PERIOD.

**17.8** THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF OCEAN BILLS OF LADING APPLIES BY FORCE
OF CONTRACT FOR INLAND PORTIONS OF THROUGH BILL OF LADING MOVEMENTS OF GOODS
BY WATER CARRIERS. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES WHICH ARE NOT
EXPLICITLY PROVIDED UNDER THE AGREEMENT TO BE ASSUMED BY US. THE TITLE TO THE
DAMAGED CARGO WILL VEST IN US UPON OUR PAYMENT OF COMPENSATION.

**17.9** WE WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR DAMAGE TO, SHORTAGE, CONTAMINATION,
DETERIORATION, DELAY, OR LOSS OF CARGO CAUSED BY REASONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE
INHERENT NATURE OR VICE OF THE CARGO, REASONABLE WEAR AND TEAR OF THE CARGO,
OR ANY FAULT OF YOURS, YOUR PERSONNEL, THE EOR, OR THE IOR.

**17.10** YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU KNOW AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE PROVISIONS
OF THESE AGL FREIGHT TERMS, INCLUDING PROVISIONS ON OUR DISCLAIMER AND
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THESE AGL
FREIGHT TERMS, WE HAVE SPECIFICALLY NOTIFIED YOU OF ALL SUCH DISCLAIMERS AND
LIMITATIONS OF OUR LIABILITY ACCORDING TO THE REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE
APPLICABLE LAW, AND HAVE RESPONDED TO ALL THE QUESTIONS RAISED BY YOU.

**18****Governing Law and Dispute Resolution for European Customers**

Only if you schedule a shipment from a location in Europe, the following
applies to you: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, the
formation, validity, interpretation, and performance of these AGL Freight
Terms, and any dispute arising under the Agreement, will be governed by the
laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, without regard to its conflicts of laws
principles. Each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the Courts of the judicial District of Luxembourg City, with respect
to any claim, action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the
Agreement or the transactions contemplated by these AGL Freight Terms. Each
party hereby agrees not to commence or prosecute any such claim, action or
proceeding other than in the aforementioned courts. The parties’ rights and
obligations are not governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods.

**AGL Freight Program Freight Definitions**

"**Bill of Lading** " means a bill of lading, waybill, cargo receipt,
warehouse receipt, another receipt, or another shipping document, including
but not limited to any Tariffs incorporated by or referenced in the foregoing.

**"Cargo"** means one or more units of Your Product you tender through the AGL
Freight Program. To avoid doubt, if you have successfully registered for or
used both the Amazon Global Logistics Freight and FBA or Selling on Amazon
Services, then the term "Cargo" and the defined terms “Amazon Fulfillment
Units” in the Fulfillment by Amazon Service Terms and "Amazon Fulfilled
Products" in the Selling on Amazon Service Terms both refer to the same items.

**"****Dangerous Goods****"** means the substances or articles in the most-
updated versions of these directories, or the substances or articles that
comply with the conditions defined in the most-updated versions of these
directories: the Dangerous Chemicals Directory, the Air Transportation
Dangerous Goods Catalog, the Directory of Toxic Chemicals Restricted from
Import and Export, GB 12268 Dangerous Goods Name List, the national Production
Safety Law, Postal Law, Civil Aviation Law, Maritime Law, Regulations on the
Safety of Dangerous Chemicals, Regulations on Road Transportation of Dangerous
Goods, Regulations on China Civil Aviation Transportation of Dangerous Goods,
Supervision and Administration Regulations for Safety of Rail Transportation
of Dangerous Goods, Supervision and Administration Regulations for Safety of
Shipments Carrying Dangerous Goods, and Rules of Waterway Transportation of
Dangerous Goods, IATA Dangerous Goods Regulations, International Maritime
Dangerous Goods Code, the Hazardous Materials Table in the United States Code
of Federal Regulations at 49 CFR 172.101 (only if you are in the United
States), European Agreement concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous
Goods by Road (only if you are in Europe), and all the other substances or
articles defined as "dangerous chemicals", "hazardous chemicals", "dangerous
cargos", "dangerous goods", or "explosives for civil use" in the Origin,
Destination, or other applicable laws, administrative regulations, ministerial
regulations or announcements, or national standards that may cause danger to
health, safety, property, or the environment during logistics, storage, or
transportation, and any similar substance or article as defined by the laws of
any country.

**"****Destination****"****means** a delivery location in an Eligible Country.

**"****Eligible Country****" means any country where we offer AGL Freight
Program.**

**"Notify Party"** means the party identified in any Bill of Lading as the
Notify Party (or Second or Additional Notify Party). If the Bill of Lading
does not identify a Notify Party, then you are the Notify Party.

**"Origin"** means a pick-up location in an Eligible Country.

**"****Special Cargo****"** means high value goods, bullion, currency,
precious metals or stones, fragile goods, chemical goods, pharmaceutical
goods, bio or medical goods, fresh or frozen goods, biological substances or
products or materials, live or perishable goods or plants or animals,
refrigerated or temperature-sensitive goods, and other special goods.

**"****Tariff****"** means with Amazon, the tariffs identified in the Program
Policies, and with any carrier, the tariffs published by the carrier.

**_Program Policy: Claims Process_**

(i) Notice of claims for loss or damage to lading must be filed in writing by
you with us within nine (9) months from date of delivery, or scheduled date of
delivery for lost lading, or absent a scheduled delivery date, the filing
period will begin after a reasonable time has elapsed for delivery, and legal
action will be commenced by you within two (2) years from the date us gives
you written notice that us is disallowing the claim or any part of the claim.
If you booked a shipment from the United States, claims will be filed and
resolved under United States federal regulations codified at 49 C.F.R. Part
370, except as modified by this Agreement, regardless of the country in which
the alleged loss or damage occurs or the mode of transportation in which it
occurs.

(ii) If you do not pay the invoiced amounts, we must commence legal action to
recover the amount within eighteen (18) months of delivery or tender of
delivery of the shipments. Subject to subsection (iii) below, if we allege
undercharges, or you allege overcharges, duplicate payment, or overcollection,
notice of such claims or unidentified payments must be given within 180 days
of receipt of the invoice, and legal action must be filed within eighteen (18)
months of delivery or tender of delivery of the shipments. If you booked a
shipment from the United States, the processing, investigation, and
disposition of overcharge, unidentified payment, duplicate payment, or
overcollection claims will be governed by present federal regulations codified
at 49 C.F.R. Part 378, except as modified by this policy, regardless of the
country in which the alleged loss or damage occurs or the mode of
transportation in which it occurs.

(iii) If your claim is fully or partially accepted by us, or it is determined
that we overcharged you, we may, at our sole discretion, elect to credit your
account with an amount determined by us to be full satisfaction of the claim
or overcharge. If the amount credited to your account is less than the amount
demanded by you, we will furnish a written or electronic communication to you
stating the reasons for our decision. You will have thirty (30) days to
contest the amount credited to your account in writing from the date you
receive our written or electronically communicated decision. Your failure to
contest the amount credited to your account within this timeframe will
constitute a waiver by you of any right to contest the payment of the Claim or
overcharge and will constitute a complete settlement of the Claim or
overcharge.

**_Program Policy: Additional Terms for Ocean Transportation_**

(i) You will submit the Booking Order to us at least ten (10) days prior to
the anticipated loading of Cargo (if shipment by sea occurs).

(ii) During the peak seasons for shipment by sea (from June to October and one
month prior to the Chinese New Year each year), you will submit the Booking
Order to us at least fourteen (14) days before goods are loaded.

(iii) If your request to change or cancel any booked space (including to
renegotiate the shipping price or any fees), then you must notify us in
writing at least three (3) days before goods are loaded.

(iv) You are responsible for coordinating with the EOR and each shipper and
will timely notify us with the door-to-door packing, pick-up or delivery time,
and location determined by based on the date of loading.

(v) You will ensure that you or your EOR or your shipper makes the goods ready
for delivery to us at least seven (7) days prior to the loading date.

(vi) Our tariff and a copy of the form Bill of Lading, including the terms
thereto, are available at www.dpiusa.com. A copy of the form Bill of Lading in
effect as of the Effective Date, including the terms thereto, is also attached
to this policy. The form Bill of Lading is subject to change. The tariffs are
subject to change. You must review each Bill of Lading issued by us at the
time of each shipment and for ensuring you know of any changes to any Bill of
Lading or tariff.

(viii) This clause (viii) applies to ocean services in the U.S. trade lanes:
you represent and warrant that you are the owner of the Cargo, the person for
whose account the ocean transportation is provided, or the person to whom
delivery is to be made. For recordkeeping and audit, a copy of this policy and
relevant Bills of Lading, Booking Orders, statement records and debit notes,
and amendments thereof will be maintained by Amazon Logistics, Inc. for five
(5) years. This information may be retrieved by selecting “Help” ---
“Shipping/Customs Documents” on Seller Central.

**_Schedule 1: Ocean Form Bill of Lading_**

**This Bill of Lading is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of
China, and any action against the Carrier will be brought before the Shanghai
Maritime Court or other maritime courts in the People's Republic of China.**

1\. DEFINITIONS

"Carrier" means the company stated on the front of this Bill of Lading as the
Carrier and on whose behalf this Bill of Lading has been signed.

"Cargo" means one or more Packages you tender through the AGL Freight Program.

"Merchant" includes the consignor, the shipper, the receiver, the consignee,
the owner of the Cargo, the lawful holder or endorsee of this Bill of Lading,
or any other person having any present or future interest in the Cargo or this
Bill of Lading, or anyone authorized to act on behalf of the foregoing.

"Vessel", where the context so admits, includes the Vessel named in Box 6 of
this Bill of Lading or any substitute therefor, and any feeder vessel, lighter
or barge used by or on behalf of the Carrier in any seaborne leg of the
carriage.

"Sub-contractor" includes owners and operators of vessels (other than the
Carrier), stevedores, terminal, warehouse, depot and groupage operators, road
and rail transport operators and any independent contractor employed to
perform the carriage and any sub-sub-contractor thereof. The expression

Sub-contractor will include direct and indirect Sub-contractors and their
respective servants, agents or Sub-contractors.

"Package" means each Container stuffed and sealed by or on behalf of the
Merchant, and not the items packed in such Container if the number of such
items is not indicated on the front of this Bill of Lading or is indicated by
the terms such as, "Said to Contain" or similar expressions.

"Shipping Unit" means any physical unit of cargo not shipped in a package,
including machinery, vehicles, and boats, except goods shipped in bulk.

"Container" includes any Container, open top, trailer, transportable tank,
flat rack, platform, pallet, and any other equipment or device used for or in
the transportation of the Cargo.

2\. CARRIER'S TARIFF

The Carrier's applicable Tariff and other requirements regarding charges are
incorporated into this Bill of Lading. Particular attention is drawn to the
terms contained, including, but not limited to, free storage time, Container
and vehicle demurrage, etc. Copies of the provisions of the Tariff are
obtainable from the Carrier or his agents upon request or from the Carrier’s
website. If any inconsistency occurs between this Bill of Lading and the
Tariff, this Bill of Lading will prevail.

3\. SUB-CONTRACTING, INDEMNITY AND CERTAIN DEFENSES, EXEMPTIONS AND
LIMITATIONS

(1) The Carrier will have the right at any time and on any terms to sub-
contract the whole or any part of the carriage with any Sub-contractor and/or
to substitute any other vessel or means of transport for the Vessel.

(2) The Merchant undertakes that no claim or legal action will be made or
brought against any person by whom the carriage is performed or undertaken
(including, but not limited to, the Carrier's servants, agents or Sub-
contractors), other than the Carrier, which imposes or attempts to impose upon
any such person, or any vessel owned or operated by such person, any liability
in the Cargo or the carriage thereof whether or not arising out of negligence
by such person. Should any such claim or legal action nevertheless be made or
brought, the Merchant undertakes to indemnify the Carrier against all
consequences thereof including legal expenses on a full indemnity basis.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, every such person or vessel, including,
but not limited to, the Carrier's servants, agents, or Sub-contractors as
defined in Clause 1 above, will have the benefit of every exemption, defense
and limitation herein contained applicable to the Carrier, in contract or in
tort, as if such provision were contracted for its benefit, and, in signing
this contract, the Carrier, for such exemptions, defenses, and limitations,
does so not only on its behalf but also as an agent and trustee for such
person or vessel.

4\. CARRIER'S RESPONSIBILITY

(1) Port to Port Shipment If boxes 6, 7 and 8 but not boxes 4,5 and 9 are
filled in on the front of this Bill of Lading, this Bill of Lading is a Port-
to-Port contract. The Carrier will be responsible for the Cargo as Carrier
from the time when the Cargo are received by the Carrier at the Port of
Loading until delivery thereof at the port of discharge to the Merchant or to
the authority as required by local laws or regulations, whichever occurs
earlier.

(2) Combined Transport If Box 4, Box 5 and/or Box 9 are filled in on the front
of this Bill of Lading and the place(s) or port(s) indicated is/are place(s)
or port(s) other than that stated in Box 7 and Box 8 and Freight is paid for
combined transport, this Bill of Lading is a combined transport contract. The
Carrier undertakes to arrange or procure the pre-carriage and/or on-carriage
segments of the combined transport. All claims arising from the combined
transport carriage must be filed with the Carrier within 1 year after the
delivery of the Cargo or the date when the Cargo should have been delivered,
failing which the Carrier will be discharged from all liabilities regarding
the Cargo. If any payment is made by the Carrier to the Merchant regarding any
claim arising from the combined transport carriage, the Carrier will be
automatically subrogated to or given all rights of the Merchant against all
others including pre-carrier or on-carrier or Sub-contractor because of such
loss or damage. Nothing herein contained will be deemed a waiver of any rights
that the Carrier may have against a pre-carrier or on-carrier or Sub-
contractor for indemnity or otherwise.

5\. NOTICE OF CLAIM AND TIME BAR

(1) Where the loss of or damage to the goods is not apparent, the preceding
paragraph will apply if the consignee has not given the notice in writing
within seven consecutive days from the next day of the delivery of the goods,
or with containerized goods, within 15 days from the next day of the delivery
thereof. The notice in writing regarding the loss or damage need not be given
if the state of the goods has, at the time of delivery, been the subject of a
joint survey or inspection by the Carrier and the merchant.

(2) The Carrier, its servants, agents, and Sub-contractors will be discharged
from all liabilities unless suit is brought within one year after the delivery
of the Cargo or the date when the Cargo should have been delivered.

6\. LOSS OR DAMAGE

(1) This Bill of Lading will govern all responsibilities of the Carrier in or
that arise out of the carriage of the Cargo not only during the carriage but
also during the period prior to and/or after the carriage. The exemptions from
liability, defenses, and limitation of liability provided for herein or
otherwise will apply in any action against the Carrier for loss or damage or
delay, occurring and whether the action be founded in contract or in tort and
even if the loss, damage or delay arose because of unseaworthiness, negligence
or fundamental breach of contract. Save as is otherwise provided, the Carrier
will in no circumstances and howsoever arising be liable for direct or
indirect or consequential loss or damage or loss of profits.

(2) The Carrier does not undertake that the Cargo will be transported from or
loaded at the place of receipt or loading or will arrive at the place of
discharge, destination or transshipment aboard any particular vessel or other
conveyance at any particular date or time or to meet any particular market or
in time for any particular use. Scheduled or advertised departure and arrival
times are only expected times and may be advanced or delayed. The Carrier will
in no circumstances and howsoever arising be liable for direct, indirect or
consequential loss or damage caused by the delay.

(3) If the stage of the combined transport during which loss or damage
occurred can be determined, the liability of the Carrier will be governed by
the national law(s) and/or international convention(s) applicable thereto. If
the stage of the combined transport during which loss or damage occurred
cannot be determined, the

Merchant and the Carrier agree that it will be deemed that the loss or damage
occurred aboard the Carrier's Vessel. In either case, clauses 5(2) and 7 will
apply.

7\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

(1) Except as provided for in Clause 7(2), this Bill of Lading will be subject
to the Maritime Code of the People's Republic of China as provided for in
Clause 26(1). Neither the Carrier, its servants, agents, Sub-contractors nor
the Vessel will be liable for any loss of or damage to the Cargo in any amount
exceeding the limits per package or unit prescribed by that Code, unless the
nature and value of the Cargo have been declared by the Merchant before
shipment and inserted in this Bill of Lading (Box 10) and the Merchant has
paid additional Freight on such declared value.

(2) Where carriage includes carriage to or from or through a port or place in
the United States of America, this Bill of Lading will be subject to the
United States Carriage of Cargo by Sea Act, 1936 (US COGSA) and any amendments
thereto, as provided for in Clause 26(2). Neither the Carriers nor its
servants, agents, Sub-contractors and/or the Vessel will be liable for any
loss of or damage to the Cargo exceeding the limits per package or unit
prescribed by US COGSA, unless the nature and value of the Cargo have been
declared by the Merchant before shipment and inserted in this Bill of Lading
(Box 10) and the Merchant has paid additional Freight on such declared value.

(3) If a legal regime other than the Maritime Code of the People's Republic of
China or US COGSA is compulsorily applied to this Bill of Lading, the
liability of the Carrier will not exceed the limits per Package or Shipping
Unit prescribed, unless the nature and value of the Cargo have been declared
by the Merchant and inserted in this Bill of Lading (Box 10) and the Merchant
has paid additional Freight on such declared value.

(4) For this Clause 7, the declared value will be the basis for calculating
the Carrier's liability provided that such declared value will not be
conclusive on the Carrier, and provided that such declared value does not
exceed the true value of the Cargo at the destination. Any partial loss or
damage will be adjusted pro-rata based on such declared value.

8\. FIRE

The Carrier will not be liable for any loss of or damage to the Cargo at any
time, including that before loading or after discharge for any fire unless
such fire is proved to be caused by the actual fault of the Carrier.

9\. CARRIER'S CONTAINERS

(1) Cargo received in break bulk will be stuffed in Containers and the Carrier
may carry any Containers, whether or not stuffed by the Carrier, on the deck
or below deck. All such Cargo will participate in General Average.

(2) If Carrier's Containers and equipment are used by the Merchant for pre-
carriage or on-carriage or unpacked at the Merchant's premises, the Merchant
must return the empty Containers, with interiors brushed, clean and free of
smell to the point or place designated by the Carrier, its servants or agents,
within the time prescribed in the Tariff and/or required by the Carrier.
Should a Container not be returned within the designated time, the Merchant
will be liable for any detention, demurrage, loss or expenses which may arise
from such non-return.

(3) The Merchant will be liable for any loss of or damage to Carrier's
Containers and other equipment while in the custody of the Merchant or anyone
acting on the Merchant's behalf. The Merchant will also be liable during such
period for any loss of or damage to the property of others or for any injuries
or death and the Merchant will indemnify and hold the Carrier harmless against
all damages, including legal expenses, incurred from any such claims arising
during such periods.

10\. MERCHANT-STUFFED CONTAINER

(1) If a Container has not been stuffed by or on behalf of the Carrier, the
Carrier will not be liable for loss of or damage to the Cargo and the Merchant
will indemnify the Carrier against any loss, damage, liability or expense
incurred by the Carrier if such loss, damage, liability or expense has been
caused by:

(a) the manner in which the Container has been filled, packed, loaded or
stuffed, or

(b) the unsuitability of the Cargo for carriage in the Container, or

(c) the unsuitability or defective condition of the Container, provided that,
had the Container been supplied by or on behalf of the Carrier, this
unsuitability or defective condition could have been apparent upon inspection
by the Merchant at or before the Container was filled, packed, loaded or
stuffed.

(2) If a Merchant-stuffed Container is delivered by the Carrier with its seal
intact, such delivery will constitute the full and complete performance of the
Carrier's obligations under this Bill of Lading and the Carrier will not be
liable for any loss or shortage of the Cargo ascertained at delivery.

(3) the Merchant will inspect Containers before stuffing them and using a
Container will be prima facie evidence of its being suitable and without
defect.

11\. MERCHANT'S DESCRIPTION

(1) The Merchant's description of the Cargo stuffed in a sealed Container by
the Merchant, or on his behalf, will not bind the Carrier, and the description
declared by the Merchant on the front of this Bill of Lading is information
provided by the Merchant solely for its own use including but not limited to
using its freight forwarder. It is understood by the Merchant that the Carrier
has not verified the contents, weight or measurement of a sealed container,
and the Carrier makes no representation on the contents of a sealed Container,
van, crate or box, nor its weight or measurement, nor the value, quantity,
quality, description, condition,

marks or number of the contents thereof. The Carrier will be under no
responsibility regarding such description or particulars.

(2) If any particulars of any letter of credit and/or import license and/or
sales contract and/or invoice or order number and/or details of any contract
to which the Carrier is not a party are shown on the front of this Bill of
Lading, such particulars are included solely at the request of the Merchant
for its convenience. The Merchant agrees that including such particulars will
not be a declaration of value and will in no way affect the Carrier's
liability under this Bill of Lading. The Merchant acknowledges that, except as
provided for in Clause 7, the value of the Cargo is unknown to the Carrier.

12\. MERCHANT'S RESPONSIBILITY

(1) The parties defined as "Merchant" in clause 1 will, where applicable, be
jointly and severally liable to the Carrier for the due fulfillment of all
obligations undertaken by any of them under this Bill of Lading.

(2) The Merchant warrants to the Carrier that the particulars relating to the
Cargo as set forth on the front of this Bill of Lading have been checked by
the Merchant on receipt of this Bill of Lading and that such particulars, and
any particulars furnished by or on behalf of the Merchant, are adequate and
correct. The Merchant also warrants that the Cargo are lawful Cargo and are
not contraband.

(3) The Merchant will indemnify the Carrier against all liabilities, costs,
losses, damages, fines, penalties, expenses or other monetary sanctions
arising or resulting from any breach of the warranties in Clause 12(2) or from
any other cause in the Cargo for which the Carrier is not responsible.

(4) The Merchant will comply with all regulations or requirements of customs,
port and other Authorities, and will bear and pay all duties, taxes, fines,
imposts, expenses or losses (including the full return Freight for the Cargo
if returned, or if on-carried, the full Freight from the Port of Discharge or
the Place of Delivery nominated to the amended Port of Discharge or the
amended Place of Delivery) incurred and/or sustained for any failure to so
comply, or for any illegal, incorrect or insufficient marking, numbering, or
addressing of the Cargo, and will indemnify the Carrier in respect thereof.

13\. FREIGHT AND CHARGES

(1) All Freight will be deemed fully, finally and unconditionally earned on
receipt of the Cargo by the Carrier and will be paid and non-returnable.

(2) All Freight and charges will be paid with no set-off, counter-claim,
deduction, or stay of execution before delivery of the Cargo.

(3) The Merchant's attention is drawn to the stipulations about currency in
which the Freight is to be paid, the rate of exchange, devaluation and other
contingencies about the Freight in the Tariff or as agreed otherwise.

(4) If the Merchant's description of the Cargo in this Bill of Lading or in
any document or certificate furnished to the Carrier by or on behalf of the
Merchant will prove to have been inaccurate, incorrect or misleading, the
Merchant will pay for the actual damage suffered by the Carrier.

(5) Payment of Freight and charges to any freight forwarder or broker, or
anyone other than the Carrier or its authorized agent, will constitute payment
to the Carrier and will be made at the Merchant's sole risk.

(6) The parties defined as Merchants in clause 1 will, where applicable, be
jointly and severally liable to the Carrier for payment of all Freight,
demurrage, General Average and charges, including, but not limited to, court
costs, expenses and reasonable attorney's fees incurred in collecting sums due
the Carrier, failing is considered a default by the Merchant in the payment of
Freight and charges.

14\. INSPECTION OF THE GOODS

The Carrier and/or any person to whom the Carrier has sub-contracted the
carriage or any person authorized by the Carrier will be entitled, but under
no obligation, to open any Container or Package at any time and to inspect the
Cargo. If by order of the Authorities at any place, a container must be opened
for inspection, the Carrier will not be liable for any loss or damage incurred
because of Carrier opens, unpacks, inspects or repacks the container. The
Carrier may recover the costs associated with opening, unpacking, inspecting,
and repacking the container from the Merchant.

15\. CARRIAGE AFFECTED BY CONDITION OF THE GOODS

If it appears at anytime that the Cargo cannot safely or properly be carried
or carried further, either at all or incurring no additional expense or taking
any measure(s) in relation to the Cargo or the Container, the Carrier may
without notice to the Merchant (but as its agent only) take any measure(s)
and/or incur any additional expense to carry or to continue the carriage
thereof, and/or dispose of the Cargo, and/or abandon the carriage and/or store
them ashore or afloat, under cover or in the open, at any place, whichever the
Carrier in his absolute discretion considers most appropriate, which
abandonment, storage or disposal thereof will be deemed to constitute due
delivery under this Bill of Lading. The Merchant will indemnify the Carrier
against any additional expense so incurred.

16\. LIENS

The Carrier will have a lien on the Cargo and any documents relating thereto
for Freight, dead Freight, demurrage, detention, and for any expenses incurred
by the Carrier for recoopering, repacking, remarking, fumigation or required
disposal of faulty Cargo, for General Average contributions to whomsoever due,
for fines, dues, tolls, land Freight, or commissions paid or advanced by the
Carrier on behalf of the Cargo, for any sums including salvage payable to the
Carrier under this Bill of Lading and for legal expenses incurred because of
any attachment or other legal proceedings brought against the Cargo by
governmental Authorities or any person claiming an interest in the Cargo. The
Carrier's lien will survive discharge or delivery of the Cargo and the Carrier
may enforce such lien by public auction or private sale in its discretion.
Should the proceeds of sale fail to cover the amount due, including expenses
incurred, the Carrier may recover the balance from the Merchant. Should such
proceeds exceed the amount due, the balance will be returned to the Merchant.

17\. DECK CARGO, ANIMALS, AND PLANTS

Cargo (other than Cargo stuffed in Containers) that are stated on the front of
this Bill of Lading as contracted to be stowed "on deck" and are so carried,
and all live animals, including fish and birds, or plants shipped, will be
carried solely at the risk of the Merchant, and the Carrier will not be liable
for any loss or damage of any nature arising during carriage by sea whether or
not arising out of negligence by the Carrier. The Merchant will indemnify the
Carrier against all or any extra costs for any reason in the carriage of such
live animals or plants.

18\. METHODS AND ROUTES OF CARRIAGE

The Carrier may, during the carriage

(1) Use any means of transport or storage;

(2) Transfer the Cargo from one conveyance to another including transshipment
or carrying the same on another Vessel other than the Vessel named on the
front of this Bill of Lading or by any other means of transport.

Any action the Carrier takes under this Clause or any delay arising therefrom
will be deemed within the carriage and will not be a deviation.

19\. MATTERS AFFECTING PERFORMANCE

If at any time the carriage is or is likely in the judgment of the Master to
be affected by any hindrance, risk, delay, difficulty or disadvantage of any
kind, other than the inability of the Cargo to be safely or properly carried
or carried further, and arising (even though the circumstances causing such
matters as stated above existed when this contract was entered into or the
Cargo were received for shipment), the Carrier (whether the carriage is
commenced) may, at his sole discretion and without prior notice to the
Merchant:

(1) Carry the Cargo to the contracted Port of Discharge or Place of Delivery,
whichever applies, by an alternative route from that stated in this Bill of
Lading or from that which is customary for Cargo consigned to that Port of
Discharge or Place of Delivery. If the Carrier elects to invoke this sub-
Clause, then, notwithstanding Clause 18, the Carrier may charge such
additional Freight as the Carrier may determine, or

(2) Suspend the carriage of the Cargo and store them ashore or afloat upon
this Bill of Lading and endeavor to forward them as soon as possible, but the
Carrier makes no representation on the maximum period of suspension. If the
Carrier elects to invoke this sub-Clause, then the Carrier may have the
payment of such additional Freight as the Carrier may determine, or

(3) Abandon the carriage of the Cargo and place the Cargo at the Merchant's
disposal at any port or place where the Carrier may deem safe and convenient,
whereupon the responsibility of the Carrier regarding such Cargo will entirely
cease. The Carrier nevertheless may full Freight on the Cargo received for
shipment, and the Merchant will pay any additional costs of the carriage to
such port or place, and delivery and storage at such port or place.

Where the Carrier elects to use an alternative route under Clause 19(1) or to
suspend the carriage under Clause 19(2), same will not prejudice its right
subsequently to abandon the carriage.

20\. DANGEROUS GOODS

At the time of shipment of Dangerous Cargo, the Merchant will, in compliance
with the regulations governing the carriage of such Cargo, have the same
properly packed, distinctly marked and labeled and notify the Carrier in
writing of their proper description, nature, and the precautions to be taken.
If the Merchant fails to or inaccurately notifies the Carrier, the Carrier may
have such Cargo landed, destroyed or rendered innocuous when and where
circumstances so require, without compensation. The Merchant will be liable to
the Carrier for any loss, damage or expense resulting from such shipment.

Notwithstanding the Carrier's knowledge of the Dangerous Cargo and its consent
to carry, the Carrier may still have such Cargo landed, destroyed or rendered
innocuous, without compensation, when they become an actual danger to the
Vessel, the crew and other persons on board or to other goods. However, what
mentioned in this Clause will not prejudice the contribution in General
Average, if any.

21\. SPECIAL, REFRIGERATED OR HEATED CONTAINERS

(1) Unless the Merchant and the Carrier agree in writing before shipment that
specially ventilated, refrigerated or heated Containers will be used to ship
the Cargo and such agreement is noted on the front of this Bill of Lading, and
the Merchant gives proper written notice to the Carrier of the Cargo and of
the particular temperature range to be maintained and/or special attention
required and the Merchant pays the extra Freight charged under the Carrier's
Tariff or as agreed, the Cargo will be carried in ordinary unventilated
Containers.

(2) If a refrigerated Container is stuffed by or on behalf of the Merchant,
the Merchant undertakes that its thermostatic, ventilating or any other
controls have been correctly set by the Merchant and that the temperature of
the Cargo and the refrigerated Container has been brought to the required
temperature level before

stuffing and that the Cargo have been properly stowed in the Container before
the receipt thereof by the Carrier. If these requirements are not met, the
Carrier will not be liable for any loss of or damage to the Cargo howsoever
arising.

(3) The Merchant will be responsible for the operation and maintenance of the
Carrier's Container while it is in the Merchant\'s custody or the custody of
anyone acting on the Merchant's behalf.

(4) If a suggested temperature is noted on the front of this Bill of Lading,
the Merchant will deliver the Cargo to the Carrier at the noted temperature
plus or minus 2℃ permitted, and the Carrier will exercise due diligence to
maintain such temperature, plus or minus 2℃ while the Cargo are in its actual
possession.

(5) The Carrier does not warrant that the Container be properly ventilated,
refrigerated or heated throughout the carriage, nor will the Carrier be liable
for any loss of or damage to the Cargo arising from any latent defects, any
total or partial failure or breakdown, or stoppage of the refrigerating
machinery, plant, insulation and/or any apparatus of the Container, Vessel,
conveyance and any other facilities, provided that the Carrier will before or
at the beginning of the carriage exercise due diligence to maintain the
refrigerated Container in an efficient state.

(6) if the Merchant's own Container is used, a set of emergency kit and an
operation manual will be supplied by the Merchant.

22\. NOTIFICATION AND DELIVERY

(1) Any mention herein of parties to be notified of the arrival of the Cargo
is solely for the information of the Carrier, and failure to give such
notification will not cause any liability by the Carrier or relieve the
Merchant of any obligation.

(2) The Merchant will take delivery of the Cargo within the time provided for
in the Carrier's applicable Tariff or as required by the Carrier.

(3) If the Merchant fails to take delivery of the Cargo during a reasonable
time or whenever in the opinion of the Carrier the Cargo are likely to
deteriorate, decay, become worthless or incur charges whether for storage or
otherwise over their value, the Carrier may, at its discretion, without
prejudice to any rights which he may have against the Merchant, without notice
and with no responsibility attaching to him, un-stuff, sell, destroy or
dispose of the Cargo at the sole risk and expense of the Merchant, and apply
any proceeds of sale in reduction of the sums due to the Carrier from the
Merchant. The un-stuffing will constitute proper delivery and thereupon all
liability of the Carrier regarding the Cargo thereof will cease.

(4) Where the Carrier must hand over the Cargo so carried into the custody of
the port, customs or any other Authorities at the Port of Discharge or Place
of Delivery and the Cargo are delivered by the same to the Merchant without
necessity of production of this Bill of Lading by the Merchant as required by
the local law, regulation and/or practice, such hand-over will constitute due
delivery to the Merchant under this Bill of Lading and thereupon the liability
of the Carrier regarding the Cargo will entirely cease.

(5) Refusal by the Merchant to take delivery of the Cargo under this Clause,
notwithstanding its having been notified of the availability of the Cargo for
delivery, will constitute an irrevocable waiver by the Merchant to the Carrier
of all and any claims relating to the Cargo or the Carriage. The Merchant will
be liable for any losses, damages, expenses, and liabilities incurred and
sustained by the Carrier arising from such refusal, including but not limited
to, the return of the Cargo to their place of origin.

23\. GENERAL AVERAGE AND SALVAGE

(1) General Average will be adjusted at any port or place at the Carrier's
option according to the York-Antwerp Rules 1974, as amended in 1990, and any
other amendments thereto. The Merchant will give such cash deposit or other
security as the Carrier may deem sufficient to cover the estimated General
Average contribution of the Cargo before delivery.

(2) In the event the Master determines that salvage services are needed, the
Merchant agrees that the Master will act on its behalf to procure such
services to Cargo and that the Carrier may act on its behalf to settle salvage
remuneration. The Merchant will timely and fully provide cash deposit or other
security to the salvor without affecting the schedule of the Vessel after the
salvage, failing which the Merchant will be liable for any losses arising
therefrom and sustained by the Carrier.

24\. BOTH-TO-BLAME COLLISION

The Both-to-blame Collision Clause currently published by the Baltic and
International Maritime Conference is deemed incorporated into this Bill of
Lading.

25\. NON-VESSEL-OPERATING COMMON CARRIERS

If this Bill of Lading is accepted by a Merchant acting as a non-vessel-
operating common carrier (NVOCC), who has concluded other contracts of
carriage with third parties, the NVOCC warrants that the contracts concluded
by him regarding the Cargo subject to this Bill of Lading will incorporate the
terms of this Bill of Lading. The NVOCC further warrants to indemnify the
Carrier, its servants, agents and Sub-contractors against all consequences of
his failure to do so.

26\. LAW AND JURISDICTION

(1) This Bill of Lading is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of
China. All disputes arising under or in this Bill of Lading will be determined
by the laws of the People's Republic of China and any action against the
Carrier will be brought before the Shanghai Maritime Court or other maritime
courts in the People's Republic of China.

(2) Notwithstanding the provision of Clause 26(1), where carriage includes
carriage to or from or through a port or place in the United States of
America, this Bill of Lading will be subject to the US COGSA, which will be
deemed to have been incorporated herein and nothing herein contained will be
deemed a surrender by the Carrier of any of its rights, immunities, exceptions
or limitations or an increase of any of its liabilities under US COGSA. The
provision cited in the COGSA(except as may be otherwise specifically provided)
will also govern before loading and after discharge if the goods remain in the
Carrier's custody of control.

27\. VARIATION OF THE CONTRACT

No servant, agent or Sub-contractor of the Carrier will have the power to
waive or vary any terms of this Bill of lading unless such waiver or variation
is in writing and is specifically authorized or approved in writing by the
Carrier.

28\. NEW JASON CLAUSE

If accident occurs, danger, damage or disaster before or after the
commencement of the voyage resulting from any cause, whether due to negligence
or not, for which, or for the consequences of which, the Carrier is not
responsible by statute, contract or otherwise, the Cargo and the Merchant
jointly and severally will contribute with the Carrier in General Average to
the payment of any sacrifices, losses or expenses of a General Average nature
that may be made or incurred and will pay salvage and special charges in
respect of the Cargo. If a salving ship is owned or operated by the Carrier,
salvage will be paid for as fully as if the salving ship belonged to
strangers.

These clauses are applicable only when document used as a Sea Waybill

29\. APPLICABILITY TO ACTION IN TORT

These conditions apply to all claims against the carrier relating to
performing the contract evidenced by this B/L, whether the claim is found in
contract or in tort.

30\. Delivery will be made to the consignee or his authorized representative
upon presentation of a delivery receipt or other evidence of identity and
authorization satisfactory to the Carrier in his sole and absolute discretion
without the need of producing or surrendering a copy of his Sea Waybill.

31\. Except as provided in this Sea Waybill, the contract of carriage
evidenced by this Sea Waybill is subject to the terms of the Carrier's Bill of
Lading, a copy of which may be obtained from the Carrier and its agent. The
Shipper accepts all said terms, including but not limited to the per package
and other limitations of liability contained, on behalf of the Consignee and
the Owner of the Cargo and warrants he has authority to do so.

32\. The consignee or another receiver of the Cargo, by presenting this Sea
Waybill and/or requesting delivery of the Cargo, undertakes all liabilities of
the Shipper under this Sea Waybill and the Carrier's Bill of Lading, such
undertaking being additional and without prejudice to the Shipper's own
liability.

33\. The shipper agrees and observes the CMI Uniform Rules for Sea Waybill to
use the Carrier's Sea Waybill Waybill in cargo transportation.

34\. Upon written request of the Shipper prior to arrival of the carrying
vessel at the Port of Discharge or Place of Delivery, whichever applicable,
the Carrier will use its best efforts to change the Sea Waybill to the
Carrier's Bill of Lading, provided that the Carrier will never be liable for
failure to timely effect such changes.

35\. The goods are subject to the Carrier's normal credit practices regarding
release of particular Cargo, as specified in the Carrier's Tariff and Bill of
Lading, including but not limited to, the Carrier's right to a lien against
any shipment as security for any unpaid charges due and owing to the carrier
by any party to this Sea Waybill, whether related to the Cargo described in
this sea Waybill or not.

36\. Except as otherwise provided for by the laws, the Carrier will, subject
to the terms, process cargo claims with the Consignee or shipper at the
Carrier’s discretion. Claims settlement with the consignee will be a complete
discharge of Carrier's liabilities to the Shipper, and vice versa.

**_Program Policies: Additional Terms for Air Transportation_**

(i) You will submit the Booking Order to us at least three (3) days prior to
the flight departure (if shipment by air occurs).

(ii) During the peak seasons for shipment by air (from September to November
each year), you will submit the Booking Order to us at least seven (7) days
prior to the flight departure.

(iii) If your request to change or cancel any booked space (including to
renegotiate the shipping price or any fees), then you must notify us in
writing at least two (2) days prior to the scheduled flight departure.

(iv) You must coordinate with the EOR and will timely notify us with the door-
to-door packing, pick-up or delivery time, and location determined by you
under the date of the scheduled flight.

(v) You will ensure that you or the EOR makes the goods ready for delivery to
us at least three (3) days prior to the scheduled flight departure.

**_Program Policies: Additional Terms for Services Provided in the United
States_**

(1) For Services provided in the United States, except for U.S. inbound
through move services for which another us is responsible, “we”, “us”, or
“our” means Amazon Logistics, Inc. For such U.S. inbound through Services,
“we”, “us”, or “our” means the carrier identified on the Bill of Lading or
receipt.

(2) For Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (“FMCSA”) regulated
activities and U.S. domestic carriage by water, including inland and
noncontiguous trades, the terms of this policy apply to contract carriage and
will not be construed as or deemed common carriage. Both parties agree that
they expressly waive any rights and remedies under the ICC Termination Act and
Interstate Commerce Act as amended (both laws of the United States), and
regulations promulgated, including Part B of Subtitle IV Interstate
Transportation, 49 U.S.C. § 13101, et seq, that contradict this policy.

(3) Regarding transportation governed by a Bill of Lading from an origin to a
destination in the United States of America, our monetary liability will be
limited to 500 USD per shipment and subject to the cumulative liability limit
in the International Shipment Services Terms. If you assert that the value of
a particular shipment will exceed this amount, and wishes to increase the
liability coverage provided by us, then you must advise us at or before the
time of submitting the Booking Order. We will provide you with an increased
freight rate to reflect such additional coverage. Only if both parties agree
in writing to the increased cargo liability and increased freight rate prior
to any damage to the shipment will us’s cargo liability be increased. A higher
declared value in the Bill of Lading will be without effect unless these terms
are met. Regardless of the liability level selected by you, you must prove
that our negligence (or that of our contractor or the carrier actually
performing the transportation Service) caused damage to the Cargo to recover
for such damage. A copy of the form US Domestic Bill of Lading terms and
conditions in effect as of the Effective Date is attached to this policy. The
form Bill of Lading is subject to change. You must review each Bill of Lading
issued by us at the time of each shipment and for ensuring you know of any
changes to any Bill of Lading.

(4) If the consignee refuses the goods tendered by us, or if we cannot deliver
the goods because of fault or mistake of you or the consignee, or if you
advise and instruct us to stop movement of the goods and to hold it in
transit, then, and in each case, our liability thereafter immediately will be
that of a warehouseman. The procedures which us agrees to and will take as a
warehouseman involve the use of ordinary care to keep the goods in a safe or
suitable place or to store the goods properly. We will (a) attempt to give you
prompt notice if the foregoing occurs, (b) place the goods in public storage
or maintain the goods in our own storage or other facility, and (c) if
disposition instructions are not given by you within ten (10) days of us's
initial notification to you, then we may offer the goods for public sale
without further notice. With perishable goods, us may dispose of the goods at
a time and in a manner us deems appropriate. You will be responsible for
storage costs and reasonable costs us incurs in acting as a warehouseman. To
the extent any sale or disposal revenues exceed the storage costs and the
costs we incur as a warehouseman, we will remit the balance to you. If you
give us timely disposition instructions, we will use any commercially
reasonable steps to abide by such instructions. You will pay our costs and any
additional transportation costs us incurs in doing so.

(5) When our liability is that of a warehouseman, or if performing
transloading, cross-docking, consolidation, deconsolidation, storage, or other
similar services (individually or collectively, “Transloading”), our liability
will be limited to $0.25 per pound, unless greater liability is agreed to per
subsection (3) above, in which case the liability limit agreed to will also
apply to the services described in this subsection (5). The form forwarder’s
cargo receipt is subject to change. You must review each forwarder’s cargo
receipt issued by us at the time of each shipment and for ensuring you know of
any changes to any forwarder’s cargo receipt.

(6) Unless otherwise agreed by both parties in writing, Cargo destined for an
Amazon fulfillment center may be placed in an Amazon fulfillment center and
may be moved between fulfillment centers. Where an Amazon fulfillment center
is listed on a Bill of Lading, the Cargo may nevertheless be diverted or
rerouted to any other Amazon fulfillment center. The election of a destination
for the Cargo will be at our sole discretion, and any transportation of the
Cargo, regardless of destination, diversion, rerouting, or additional
movements, will be at your risk and expense.

**_Schedule 1: U.S. Form Bill of Lading_**

**BILL OF LADING CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

1\. (a) The carrier or party in possession of the property herein described
will be liable as at common law for any loss thereof or damage thereto, except
as provided.

(b) No carrier or party in possession of any of the property herein described
will be liable for any loss thereof or damage thereto or delay caused by an
act of God, the public enemy, the authority of law, the act or default of the
shipper or owner, for natural shrinkage, riots or strikes, or any related
causes. Except if negligence of the carrier occurs or party in possession (and
the burden to prove freedom from such negligence will be on the shipper), the
carrier will not be liable for loss, damage, or delay occurring while the
property is stopped and held in transit upon the request of the shipper, or
from faulty or impassable highway, or by lack of capacity of a highway, bridge
or ferry, or resulting from a defect or vice in the property.

2\. (a) No carrier is bound to transport said property in any particular time
other than with reasonable dispatch. Every carrier will have the right in case
of physical necessity to forward said property by any carrier or route between
the point of shipment and the point of destination.

(b) In all cases not prohibited by law, where a value lower than actual value
has been represented in writing by the shipper or has been agreed upon in
writing as the released value of the property as determined by the
classification or tariffs upon which the rate is based, such lower value plus
freight charges, if received by carrier, will be the maximum amount to be
recovered, whether or not such loss or damage occurs from negligence.

3\. (a) As a condition precedent to recovery, claims must be filed in writing
with a participating carrier within nine months after delivery of the property
or with failure to make delivery within nine months of the date on the bill of
lading.

(b) Suits will be instituted against any carrier only within two years and one
day from the day when notice in writing is given by the carrier to the
claimant that the carrier has disallowed the claim or any part or parts
thereof specified in the notice. Where claims are not filed or suits are not
instituted thereon under the foregoing provisions, no carrier will be liable
and such claims will not be paid.

(c) Any carrier or party liable because of loss of or damage to any of the
property will have the full benefit of any insurance that may have been
effected upon or because of said property, so long as this does not avoid the
policies or contracts of insurance and provided that the carrier reimburse the
claimant for the premium paid thereon.

4\. (a) Property not accepted by the consignee, after notice of the arrival of
the property at destination has been duly sent or given, may be kept subject
to the tariff charge for storage and to carrier's responsibility as
warehouseman, only, or at the option of the carrier, may be stored in a public
or licensed warehouse at the cost of the owner, and there held without
liability by the carrier, and subject to a lien for all freight and other
lawful charges, including a reasonable charge for storage.

(b) Where nonperishable property is refused at destination by the consignee or
where the consignee fails to receive it within fifteen days after notice of
arrival has been duly sent or given to consignee or shipper, the carrier may
sell the property at public auction to the highest bidder, at such place as
designated by the carrier.

(c) Where perishable property is transported to the destination and the
consignee or party entitled to receive it has failed to receive it promptly,
the carrier may, to prevent deterioration, sell the same to the best advantage
at a private or public sale.

(d) Besides or in lieu of the procedure provided for in the two previous
paragraphs, when the consignee fails to receive perishable or non-perishable
property, the carrier at its option may sell the property under such
circumstances and in such manner as authorized by law.

(e) The proceeds of any sale made under this section will be applied by the
carrier to the payment of freight, demurrage, storage, and any other lawful
charges and the cost and expense of notice, advertisement, sale, and other
cost and expense of caring for and maintaining the property, and should there
be a balance it will be paid to the owner of the property sold.

(f) When a carrier is directed by consignee or shipper to unload or deliver
property at a destination where shipper, consignee, or the

agent of either, is not usually located, after unloading or delivery the risk
of loss or damage is not that of the carrier but is assumed by the shipper or
consignee.

5\. No carrier will carry or be liable for any documents, specie, or for any
articles of extraordinary value not specifically rated in the published
classifications or tariffs unless a special agreement to do so and a
stipulated value of the articles are endorsed.

6\. Every party, whether principal or agent, shipping explosives or dangerous
goods, without previous full written disclosure to the carrier of their
nature, and agreement by the carrier that is will carry such explosives or
dangerous goods, will be liable for and indemnify the carrier against all loss
or damage caused by such goods, and such goods may be warehoused at owner's
risk and expense or destroyed without compensation.

7\. (a) The shipper and consignee (and the party to be billed if a different
party than the shipper or consignee) will be jointly and severally liable for
the freight and all other lawful charges accruing on the property shipped
under this bill of lading.

(b) Consignee becomes liable for freight charges upon receipt unless the
consignee is an agent only and has no beneficial title in the property, and
prior to delivery has notified the delivering carrier of these facts.

(c) Nothing herein will limit the right of the carrier to require at the time
of shipment the prepayment or guarantee of the charges. If upon inspection it
is ascertained that the articles shipped are not those described in this bill
of lading, the freight charges must be paid upon the articles actually
shipped.

8\. If this bill of lading is issued on the order of the shipper, or his
agent, in exchange or in substitution for another bill of lading, the
shipper's signature to the prior bill of lading on the statement of value or
otherwise, or election of common law or bill of lading liability, in or in
such prior bill of lading, will be a part of this bill of lading as fully as
if the same were written or made in or in this bill of lading.

9\. (a) All surface transportation provided under this bill will be subject to
federal statute and common law otherwise applicable to regulate interstate
shipments. U.S. statutes and regulations will apply unless otherwise waived by
signed written agreement.

(b) If all or any part of the property is carried by water, and the loss is
carried by water and loss, damage, or injury to said property occurs while it
is in the custody of the carrier by water, the liability of such carrier will
be determined by the bill of lading and under laws and regulations applicable
to transportation by water, including but not limited to the Carriage of Cargo
by Sea Act.

**_Program Policy: Additional Terms for China Origin, Domestic, and Outbound
Services_**

Beijing Century Joyo Courier Co., Limited, a Chinese company (“BCJ”), has
authority to act for and on behalf of Amazon Logistics, Inc., as its agent.

(1) For China origin, domestic, and international outbound Services, us will
mean BCJ.

(2) For international ocean carriage originating in China, us will mean BCJ.

**_Program Policies: Country – All Countries Additional Terms_**

**(i) Sealed Shipments:**

(1) If you load and seal Cargo in or on a container, package, trailer, or
other means of transportation or handling (for this policy, a **“Sealed
Shipment”**), and we cannot count or weigh the shipment being loaded and the
seal is intact upon delivery, then we will be absolved from any liability for
shortages or any damage to the shipment unless proximately caused by our
independent action. Such absolution of liability will also occur if (i) the
seal is broken at the direction and under the supervision of an agent of a
governmental body, or (ii) Sealed Shipments are preloaded and the adequacy of
loading or count of such Sealed Shipments is not practical by our
representative.

(2) We agree that if a seal is broken and an inspection made by an agent of a
governmental body, then our operator or another representative will try to
secure the count, safety, and integrity of the goods.

(3) We may break the seal on a Sealed Shipment if, upon our determination or
that of our operator or another representative, it becomes reasonably
necessary to do so to inspect, reposition, or protect the shipment or our
equipment or to comply with supranational, international, federal, state,
municipal, or provincial laws, rules, or regulations.

(4) Neither you nor any Bill of Lading nor any other bill of lading party nor
any other recipient may refuse delivery of goods solely because the seal on a
Sealed Shipment is broken, illegible, or inconsistent with any shipping
documentation or records.

* This program was formerly called the Global Shipping Services freight program.

