---
title: Amazon Renewed program policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZZVY5QX4DZHWHSW
section: General Documentation
---

These terms apply to your ongoing participation and application to the Amazon
Renewed program.

## Application

You must be able to meet our requirements to qualify as a seller of products
in the Renewed program. To learn more, go to [Amazon Renewed for United
States](/gp/help/G201648580).

## Catalog requirements

Renewed sellers must comply with the following Renewed catalog requirements in
addition to the [product detail page rules](/gp/help/200390640):

#### Renewed product listing

  * Renewed products must be listed under the original brand of the product offered. You cannot use your seller name under the product’s brand attribute.
  * You may not include references to a seller name or a seller brand on the product listing (detail) page. This requirement applies to the main content as well as the product title, description, bullet points, pictures, or any other place on the detail page. Content will only contain references to the original brand of the product.
  * You may not list a product with a claim of functionality (for example, gaming) that the product is not intended or designed for by the manufacturer or brand.
  * Listing in bundles is not permitted, with the exception of personal computers to bundle with keyboards, mice, and Wi-Fi dongles.

#### Renewed ASIN creation

  * You may not create multiple ASINs for the same Renewed product.
  * You may not create new Renewed Apple and Premium-condition ASINs. If you need a Renewed Apple or Premium-condition ASIN that isn’t already in the Renewed catalog, contact Renewed Selling Partner Support to request that an ASIN be created. 
  * When creating non-Apple and non-Premium electronics ASINs for products such as headphones or speakers, follow these requirements: 
    * If an equivalent “New” ASIN already exists in the Amazon catalog, simply add your offer to that ASIN using the “Refurbished/Refurbished” condition type. Do not create a separate Renewed ASIN.
    * If you can’t find an equivalent “New” ASIN, you can create a Renewed ASIN. For more information, go to [How do I add products to sell on Amazon?](/gp/help/G201633860) You’re not required to use the “(Renewed)” suffix when creating new ASINs.
  * When creating non-Apple and non-Premium ASINs **excluding** electronics products such as headphones or speakers, follow these requirements:
    * If an equivalent “New” ASIN already exists in the Amazon catalog, use the [Certified refurbished ASIN creation tool.](/renewed/products/create?ref_=xx_catadd_favb_xx)
    * If you can’t find an equivalent “New” ASIN, you can create a Renewed ASIN. For more information, go to [How do I add products to sell on Amazon?](/gp/help/G201633860) You must use the “(Renewed)” suffix in the title.

##  Listing restrictions

All Renewed products must be capable of being repaired or refurbished and
tested to look and work in accordance with the [Amazon Renewed Quality
policy](/gp/help/G202190320). Repair or refurbish capability means that
products must have electrical or mechanical components that can be replaced or
upgraded to new or like-new condition.

To ensure a positive customer experience, Amazon will remove any products from
Amazon Renewed that are not capable of being repaired or refurbished, pose a
hygienic or safety risk, or violate any other Amazon policies.

The following is a list of permitted products:

  * Acoustic violins
  * Air conditioners
  * Airsoft gun scope mounts 
  * Archery crossbow scopes 
  * Audio receivers and amplifiers
  * Audio video selectors
  * Automated kitchen waste bins 
  * Automatic lawn irrigation controllers
  * Automotive parts:
    * Alternators
    * Carburetors
    * Control modules
    * Other modules
    * Pumps
    * Fuel injectors
    * Generators
    * Regulators
    * Rings and pinions
    * Sensors
    * Shock absorbers
    * Starters
    * Motors
    * Torque converters
    * Valves
  * Baby monitors
  * Blu-ray and DVD players
  * Cameras
  * Car stereos, security, video, and radar detectors
  * Cash registers
  * Cell phone devices
  * Chain saws, pole saws, and log splitters
  * Chippers, shredders, and mulchers
  * Classical guitars 
  * Computer internal hard drives
  * Connected home modules
  * Dehumidifiers
  * Digital antennas
  * Digital bath scales
  * Digital musical instruments
  * Digital picture frames
  * Docking stations
  * Drones
  * Drum sets and snare drums
  * Electric razors
  * Electric toothbrushes
  * Electric ceiling fans
  * Electric coffee mugs
  * Electrical floor cleaning devices
  * Electric household window fans
  * Electric kitchen appliances
  * Embroidery machines
  * Euphoniums 
  * External hard drives
  * External solid state drives
  * Exercise bikes
  * Fitness machines
  * Fitness watches
  * Generators
  * Gimbal stabilizers
  * GPS devices
  * Graphing and scientific calculators
  * Gun scopes 
  * Hair styling products 
  * Handgun scopes 
  * Headphones
  * Headsets
  * HVAC controls
  * Home office desk chairs 
  * Home stereo equipment
  * Home theater systems
  * Irons
  * Kitchen sink fixtures and showerheads
  * Laser range finders
  * Lawn mowers, hedge trimmers and edgers
  * Leaf blowers
  * Media players
  * Microphones
  * Modems
  * Monitors
  * Night-vision scopes
  * Outdoor blowers and vacs
  * Personal computers (PC)
  * PC graphics cards
  * PC keyboards, mice, game pads, and webcams
  * PC motherboards
  * PC digital internal power supply
  * PC processors
  * PC servers
  * PC monitors
  * Pneumatic tools
  * Portable media players
  * Power tools, power drills, and power saws
  * Pressure washers
  * Printers
  * Professional video stabilizers
  * Projectors
  * Refrigerators
  * Remote-controlled quadcopters and multirotors
  * Rifle scopes 
  * Routers
  * Saxophones 
  * Scanners
  * Security cameras and systems
  * Sewing machines
  * Shredders
  * Smartwatches
  * Snow throwers
  * Sound and recording equipment
  * Sound bars
  * Space heaters
  * Speakers
  * Spotting scopes
  * Smart door locks
  * Standard trumpets
  * Steel-string acoustic guitars 
  * Swimming pool robotic cleaners
  * Tablets
  * Televisions
  * Thermostats
  * Thermal imaging sensors
  * Trombones
  * Universal remote controls
  * Vacuums
  * Video cameras
  * Video doorbells
  * Video game consoles and controllers
  * Virtual reality headsets

## Renewed Premium

Renewed Premium is a tier of renewed products that delivers an outstanding
experience to our customers by offering like-new products, with a one-year
warranty and a battery capacity of 90% and above (when applicable), all in
original equipment manufacturer packaging or Renewed-branded packaging.

To qualify for the Renewed Premium program, you must meet all the program's
requirements, confirm that you understand and acknowledge the [Renewed Premium
Quality policy](/gp/help/G202190320), and ensure that your Renewed seller
account is in good standing. To learn more, go to [Amazon Renewed for United
States](/gp/help/G201648580).

## The Amazon Renewed Guarantee

All Renewed products will be covered by the Amazon Renewed Guarantee, and you
will be responsible for any claims under the guarantee.

To learn more, go to [Amazon Renewed Quality policy](/gp/help/G202190320).

## Pricing

Customers expect Renewed products to cost less than their new equivalents.
Renewed products must be priced with a minimum 5% discount from the currently
priced "New" ASIN equivalents on Amazon.

The following actions may be taken on Renewed offers that are priced at a
smaller discount or are priced higher than new equivalents:

  * Ineligibility to be the Featured Offer on the product detail page
  * Removal from the Amazon Renewed catalog
  * Permanent loss of selling privileges for the relevant ASINs

We will send you one or more warning messages before we revoke your selling
privileges for those ASINs.

## Product quality assurance

Renewed products must fully adhere to the [Amazon Renewed Quality
policy](/gp/help/external/G202190320) and must be inspected, repaired (if
applicable), cleaned, and tested to ensure that they meet original
manufacturer specifications.  Amazon frequently assesses product quality
through test buys and buyer feedback. If the performance of a Renewed product
does not meet our criteria, we reserve the right to remove selling privileges
for the Renewed program.

