---
title: Amazon Business glossary
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201760900
section: General Documentation
---

As you begin selling on Amazon Business, you may run across terms that are new
to you. This glossary contains the most commonly used terms for Business-to-
Business (B2B) sellers in the Amazon Business Seller program. The
certification descriptions included in this glossary are not intended to
convey all necessary requirements and criteria for obtaining the applicable
certifications, and Amazon does not assess compliance with any given standard.
Consult the certifying organization for all relevant details.

#### AS9100 - Quality management systems - aviation, space, and defense

AS9100 certification indicates that the organization has defined, developed,
and implemented processes to manage the quality of aerospace products and
services it produces. AS9100 certification is associated with organizations
within the aerospace industry.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by SAE; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. SAE does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Additional information about SAE and AS9100 certification can be found at
<http://standards.sae.org/as9100c/>

#### AS9120 - Quality management systems - aviation, space, and defense

AS9120 certification indicates that the organization has defined, developed,
and implemented processes to manage the quality of aerospace products and
services is distributes. AS9120 certification is associated with distributors
within the aerospace industry.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by SAE; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. SAE does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Additional information about SAE and AS9120 certification can be found at
<http://standards.sae.org/as9120a/>

#### Business-Only Offer

An offer that has only a business price, and no customer price. A business-
only offer is only available to Amazon Business customers, and is not
available to all customers in Amazon. [Learn more](/gp/help/201740310).

#### Business Price

Business price ("business-price") is a price that is available only to
business customers, regardless of quantity purchased. This is different from
"price", which is the price available to all Amazon customers. You can have an
offer with both a business price and a customer price, or you can have an
offer with only a business price (see _Business-Only Offer_). [Learn more
about business pricing](/gp/help/201740300).

#### Dun and Bradstreet Number (DUNS)

A unique identifier assigned by the third-party entity, Dun & Bradstreet, that
is used to verify the existence of a business entity. Most businesses acquire
a DUNS Number because it is required to register and bid on U.S. government
proposals and contracts. Commercial, non-profit, and government entities,
including self-employed individuals, are eligible for a DUNS Number.

Additional information about DUNS and how to get a DUNS Number can be found at
<http://www.dnb.com/get-a-duns-number.html>

#### Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB)

Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business certification indicates
that the organization is a small business that is majority-owned, operated,
managed, and controlled by one or more women, and is economically
disadvantaged as defined by the Small Business administration.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
administration as an Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business.
Registrants will be required to provide Amazon with their DUNS Number, used to
register with the SBA. As well as being majority-owned by one or more women, a
business must meet specific criteria defined by the SBA in order to be
considered an Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business. The SBA's
criteria are largely dependent on the business's industry, its annual
receipts, and/or its number of employees. Sellers should visit the Small
Business Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/)) for additional
information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

#### EDWOSB

See _Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business_.

#### ISO 9001 - Quality management systems - requirements

ISO 9001 certification indicates that an organization has defined, developed,
and implemented processes to manage the quality of products and services it
produces. Though the ISO 9001 specification is not specific to any industry or
organization-type, it is most commonly associated with manufacturers.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by ISO; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. ISO does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Further guidance on obtaining certification can be found at
<http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/certification.htm>

#### ISO 13485 - Medical Devices Standards

ISO 13485 certification indicates that the organization has defined,
developed, and implemented processes to manage the quality of medical products
and services it produces. ISO 13485 certification is associated with
organizations that provide medical devices.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by ISO; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. ISO does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Further guidance on obtaining certification can be found at
<http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/certification.htm>

#### ISO 14001 - Environmental Management Systems - Requirements

ISO 14001 certification indicates that the organization has defined,
developed, and implemented processes to manage the environmental impact of the
products and services it produces. Though the ISO 14001 specification is not
specific to any industry or organization type, it is most commonly associated
with manufacturers.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by ISO; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. ISO does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Further guidance on obtaining certification can be found at
<http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/certification.htm>

#### ISO 22000 - Food Safety Management Systems - Requirements (HACCP)

ISO 22000 (HACCP) certification indicates that the organization has defined,
developed, and implemented processes to manage the safety of the food products
and services it produces. ISO 22000 (HACCP) certification is associated with
organizations within the food industry.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by ISO; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. ISO does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Further guidance on obtaining certification can be found at
<http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/certification.htm>.

#### ISO/TS 16949 - Quality management systems - Automotive

ISO/TS 16949 certification indicates that the organization has defined,
developed, and implemented processes to manage the quality of automotive
products and services it produces. It is similar to ISO 9001, but particular
to the automotive industry. ISO/TS 16949 certification is associated with
organizations within the automotive industry.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration, awarded by a third-party certifier. The image
must clearly identify the certification awarded, the certifying body,
certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. Businesses interested
in this type of certification must 1) determine its requirements, as defined
by ISO; 2) implement the requirements; and 3) submit itself to audit by a
third-party certification body. ISO does not assess the conformity of a
business against any standard.

Further guidance on obtaining certification can be found at
<http://www.iso.org/iso/home/standards/certification.htm>.

#### LGBT Business Enterprise (LGTBE)

Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender (LGBT) Business Enterprise certification
indicates that the organization is majority-owned, operated, managed, and
controlled by one or more LGBT individuals.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration. The certificate must be awarded by the National
Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC) or a government organization.
Certificates must clearly identify the certificate awarded, the certifying
body, certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration. The National Gay
and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce is the exclusive certifying body of LGBT-owned
businesses. Businesses interested in LGBT BE certification should visit
[nglcc.org](http://www.nglcc.org/) for additional information, eligibility
criteria, and certification processes.

#### LGTBE

See LGBT Business Enterprise.

#### Minority Owned Business

Minority Business Enterprise certification indicates that the organization is
majority-owned, operated, managed, and controlled by one or more minority
individuals, as defined by the Small Business Association or National Minority
Supplier Development Council.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration as a minority-owned business or provide a Minority Business
Enterprise Certificate of Registration, issued by the National Minority
Supplier Development Council or government organization. Certificates must
clearly identify the certificate awarded, the certifying body, certificate ID,
date of issue, and date of expiration. SBA registrants will be required to
provide Amazon with their DUNS Number, used to register with the SBA.
Minority-owned businesses who are also small businesses should register their
organization with the Small Business Administration. For more information,
visit [sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/).

Businesses of any size interested in Minority Business Enterprise
certification should visit the National Minority Supplier Development Council
([nmsdc.org](http://www.nmsdc.org/)) for additional information, eligibility
criteria, and certification processes.

#### Quantity Discount

A tiered discount available to Amazon Business Seller Program customers for
businesses that buy in higher volume. Each seller in the Amazon Business
Seller Program specifies tiers for quantity pricing. [Learn
more](/gp/help/201740300).

#### Registered Small Business

Registered Small Business certification indicates that the organization is a
small business as defined by the Small Business Administration.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration as a Small Business. Registrants will be required to provide
Amazon with their DUNS Number in order to access their online profile,
available on SBA's Dynamic Small Business Search Database (DSBS). A business
must meet specific criteria defined by the SBA in order to be considered a
small business. The SBA's criteria are largely dependent on the business's
industry, its annual receipts, and/or its number of employees. Sellers should
visit the Small Business Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/)) for
additional information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

#### SBA-Certified 8(a) Firm

SBA 8(a) Firms are registered and recognized by the Small Business
Administration, as being majority owned by economically disadvantaged
individuals as defined by the SBA.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration and been recognized as a SBA Certified 8(a) firm. Registrants
will be required to provide Amazon with their DUNS Number in order to access
their online profile, available on SBA's Dynamic Small Business Search
Database (DSBS). A business must meet specific criteria defined by the SBA in
order to be considered a SBA-Certified HUB Zone Firm. It must be a small
business and owned by economically disadvantaged individuals, as defined by
the SBA. Businesses interested in SBA-Certified 8(a) Firm status should visit
the Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/)) for additional
information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

#### SBA-Certified HUB Zone Firm

SBA-Certified Hub Zone Firms are registered and recognized as businesses
located in Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB Zones) as defined by
the Small Business Administration.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration and been recognized as a SBA-Certified Hub Zone Firm.
Registrants will be required to provide Amazon with their DUNS Number in order
to access their online profile, available on SBA's Dynamic Small Business
Search Database (DSBS). A business must meet specific criteria defined by the
SBA in order to be considered a SBA-Certified HUB Zone Firm. It must be a
small business, and have a significant presence in a HUB Zone designated area.
Businesses interested in SBA-Certified Hub Zone Firm status should visit the
Small Business Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/)) for additional
information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

####  SBA-Certified Small Disadvantaged Business

SBA-Certified Small Disadvantaged Businesses are registered and recognized by
the Small Business Administration, as being majority owned by economically
disadvantaged individuals as defined by the SBA.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration and been recognized as a SBA-Certified Small Disadvantaged
Business. Registrants will be required to provide Amazon with their DUNS
Number in order to access their online profile, available on SBA's Dynamic
Small Business Search Database (DSBS). A SBA-Certified Small Disadvantaged
Business has met two important conditions as defined by the Small Business
Association. First, it is economically disadvantaged, as defined and
determined by the SBA. Second, it meets the SBA criteria of a small business,
which is largely dependent on the business's industry, its annual receipts,
and/or its number of employees. Specific eligibility criteria can be found on
the SBA's website at [www.sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/).

#### SDVOSB

See Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB).

#### Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)

Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses certification indicates that
the organization is a small business that is majority-owned, operated,
managed, and controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration or Veteran Affairs as a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small
Business. SBA and VA registrants will be required to provide Amazon with their
DUNS Number in order to access their online profile, available on SBA's
Dynamic Small Business Search Database (DSBS) or VA's Vendor Information Pages
(VIP). Businesses interested in Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business
certification should visit the Small Business Administration
([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov/)) or Veteran Affairs for additional
information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

####  **Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB)**

Veteran-Owned Small Businesses certification indicates that the organization
is a small business that is majority-owned, operated, managed, and controlled
by one or more veterans.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration or Veteran Affairs as a Veteran-Owned Small Business. SBA and
VA registrants will be required to provide Amazon with their DUNS Number in
order to access their online profile, available on SBA's Dynamic Small
Business Search Database (DSBS) or VA's Vendor Information Pages (VIP).
Businesses interested in Veteran-Owned Small Business certification should
visit the Small Business Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov)) or
Veteran Affairs for additional information, eligibility criteria, and
certification processes.

#### Woman-Owned Business Enterprise (WBE)

Woman Owned Business Enterprise certification indicates that the organization
is majority owned, operated, managed, and controlled by one or more woman
individuals.

To claim this credential, sellers must provide a digital image of their
Certificate of Registration. The certificate must be awarded by the Women's
Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC) or a government organization.
Certificates must clearly identify the certificate awarded, the certifying
body, certificate ID, date of issue, and date of expiration date. Businesses
interested in Women-Owned Business Enterprise certification should visit the
Women's Business Enterprise National Council
([wbenc.org](http://www.wbenc.org)) for additional information, eligibility
criteria, and certification processes.

#### Women Owned Small Business (WOSB)

Women Owned Small Businesses (WOSB) certification indicates that the
organization is a small business that is majority-owned, operated, managed,
and controlled by one or more women.

To claim this credential, sellers must have registered with the Small Business
Administration as a minority-owned business or provide a Women Business
Enterprise Certificate of Registration, issued by the Women Business
Enterprise National Council or government organization. Certificates must
clearly identify the certificate awarded, the certifying body, certificate ID,
date of issue, and date of expiration. SBA registrants will be required to
provide Amazon with their DUNS Number, used to register with the SBA. As well
as being majority-owned by one or more women, a business must meet specific
criteria defined by the SBA in order to be considered a Woman-Owned Small
Business. The SBA's criteria are largely dependent on the business's industry,
its annual receipts, and/or its number of employees. Sellers should visit the
Small Business Administration ([sba.gov](http://www.sba.gov)) or the Women
Business Enterprise National Council ([wbenc.org](http://www.wbenc.org)) for
additional information, eligibility criteria, and certification processes.

