---
title: Amazon Vine Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G3MB5C56WDZZXHBG
section: General Documentation
---

**Last updated: January 29, 2020**

Vine is a marketing program operated by Amazon.com Services LLC (together with
its affiliates, "**Amazon** ," "**we** ," "**our** ," or "**us**") through
which select products are provided to certain Amazon.com customers ("**Vine
Voices**") for review (the "**Program**"). Your participation in the Program
is subject to the terms and conditions stated below (the "**Agreement**") and
the terms and conditions governing the sale of your products to or through us
or our affiliate entities (the "**Selling Partner Agreement** ," which
includes, for example, the Vendor Terms and Conditions or the Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement). To the extent there is a conflict between the
Selling Partner Agreement and this Agreement regarding your participation in
the Program, the terms of this Agreement will take precedence. "You" or "your"
means the vendor, seller, or distributor accepting this Agreement. In order to
participate in the Program you must:

  * agree to the terms and conditions in this Agreement by accepting these terms below; and
  * maintain an account within Vendor or Seller Central, as applicable, and provide and keep all required information accurate and up to date in Vendor or Seller Central, including but not limited to your e-mail address and billing contact information.

**1\. Amendment; Notice of Changes.** We reserve the right to change the terms
and conditions contained in this Agreement or any Vine Help Pages,
instructions, or other guidelines within Vendor or Seller Central relating to
the Program at any time and in our sole discretion. Any changes will be
effective when the revisions are posted within Vendor or Seller Central.
Notice of changes to this Agreement will be posted in Vendor or Seller Central
for 30 days. You are responsible for reviewing the notice and any applicable
changes. We may post changes to Vine Help Pages, instructions, or other
guidelines without notice to you. YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM
FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF ANY CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE VINE HELP PAGES,
INSTRUCTIONS, OR OTHER GUIDELINES WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE
CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THOSE CHANGES, DO NOT CONTINUE TO PARTICIPATE
IN THE PROGRAM.

**2\. How the Program Works.**

**(a) Enrollment Requests.** You may enroll in the Program certain products
that you sell or plan to sell to or through us or our affiliate entities (the
"**Products**"). To enroll a Product, you must use our online enrollment tool
and provide all required information. Please see the [Vine Help
pages](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/GNATSPKW5NBLLWPQ) for
instructions on using the enrollment tool. You may not enroll any [ineligible
Products](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G92T8UV339NZ98TN). We will
have the right to reject any Product you enroll, at any time for any reason in
our sole discretion. Any Products that we do not reject are "**Accepted
Products**."

**(b) Enrollment Fees.** Unless otherwise agreed between you and Amazon, the
applicable fee to enroll each Product or Products in the Program ("**Fee**")
will be provided when you use our online enrollment tool. We may change the
applicable Fee for any Product at any time on a prospective basis. We may
deduct the Fee from any amounts we owe to you. The Fees are exclusive of any
applicable taxes.""

**(c) Taxes.** To the extent that we are required to collect or remit any tax
in connection with the Fees under this Agreement, we will issue tax invoices
to you and you will reimburse us for those taxes within 30 days after the date
of our invoice. You will not deduct or withhold any amounts (including, but
not limited to, in respect of any present or future taxes) from the Fees.

**(d) Product Delivery.** When requested, you will label and ship to us the
Accepted Products (i) in the correct quantity, (ii) at your own cost (freight
prepaid), and (iii) in accordance with our [shipping
requirements](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G200141510) using the
item labels and shipping labels that we provide to you through our enrollment
tool. Risk of loss for all Products will transfer to us upon our acceptance
from the carrier. However, we will not be responsible for any Products that
you ship to us that are not properly labeled, or not otherwise in compliance
with our shipping requirements. If you are shipping any products to us from
outside the United States, you will be the importer of record. These
provisions in this subdivision (d), including the risk of loss, will not apply
for any Accepted Products that are Fulfilled by Amazon (FBA), as we will use
your existing inventory to fulfill deliveries to Vine Voices.

**(e) Accepted Product Offerings.** If we make available to Vine Voices
information about the Accepted Products, you will not have an opportunity to
review or approve such information.

**(f) Reviews.** Accepted Products will be delivered to Vine Voices who have
selected the Accepted Product. We will encourage the Vine Voices to post their
reviews of the Accepted Product (the "**Reviews**") to the product detail page
for the Accepted Product on www.amazon.com (the "**amazon.com Site**"). Any
reviews posted by Vine Voices must be independent and unbiased. We make no
assurances concerning the Vine Voices or the Reviews, including but not
limited to (i) the number of Accepted Products that Vine Voices will choose to
review, (ii) the nature of any Reviews that Vine Voices may submit, or (iii)
our ability to maintain the confidentiality of any Accepted Product or other
materials that we provide to Vine Voices. We will have no obligation to modify
or remove Reviews from the Amazon.com Site, even if you find them
objectionable. You must not contact Vine Voices or attempt to influence Vine
Voices or their Reviews. If a Vine Voice attempts to contact you other than
for ordinary customer support, you must decline any further communication and
notify us.

**(g) Product Removal.** You may request that we remove an Accepted Product
from the Program by [contacting
us](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/support) and telling us that you
want to remove the Accepted Product. We will use commercially reasonable
efforts to remove any Accepted Product after we receive your notice or after
termination of this Agreement, but in no event will we be able to remove any
Accepted Product later than 5 business days before we offer the Accepted
Product to Vine Voices. For avoidance of doubt, removal of an Accepted Product
from the Program or termination or non-renewal of this Agreement will not
require Amazon to delete or alter any Reviews previously posted.

**(h) No Product Returns.** We will not return any Accepted Products to you.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to distribute all Accepted
Products to Vine Voices. However, we may destroy any Accepted Product at any
time following the date ninety days after our receipt of the Accepted Product.
Accepted Products that are FBA will not be destroyed and will remain in your
inventory.

**3\. Ownership of Accepted Products and Reviews.** You will retain all right,
title and interest in any given unit of the Accepted Products until a Vine
Voice orders such unit and it is delivered to the common carrier for delivery
to the Vine Voice, at which point all right, title and interest in such unit
passes to the Vine Voice. We will at all times retain all right, title and
interest (including but not limited to all intellectual property rights) in
the Reviews. You may use the Reviews or excerpts of the Reviews of your
Accepted Products that are on the Amazon.com Site for your internal business
purposes and for marketing Accepted Products, provided, (i) that any such use
will properly attribute the Reviews to an "Amazon Vine Customer Review of Free
Product"; (ii) Amazon may, by written notice, require you to cease any use of
the Reviews that it deems inappropriate in its sole discretion, in which case
you will cease such use immediately; and (iii) you may only excerpt Reviews in
a manner that does not materially alter the meaning of the text or cause the
text to become factually incorrect or misleading. You may not use any Reviews
that are no longer posted on the amazon.com Site.

**4\. Term and Termination.** The term of this Agreement will begin on the
date you click the "Submit" button at the bottom of this Agreement and
continue until we or you terminate this Agreement in accordance with this
Section (the "**Term**"). We may terminate this Agreement at any time by
disabling your access to the product enrollment tool. You may terminate this
Agreement at any time upon 30 daysâ€™ written notice by [contacting
us](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/support) and indicating your
desire to terminate this Agreement ("**Termination Notice**"). You will not
enroll or ship to us any Products after you send us a Termination Notice. We
may at any time cease providing the Program at our sole discretion without
notice to you. Upon termination, all rights and obligations of the parties
under this Agreement will terminate, except that Sections 2(b), 2(e), 2(g),
and 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 will survive termination.

**5\. Indemnification.** You will defend us (and our directors, officers,
employees, agents and other representatives) from and against any claim
arising from or relating to your participation in the Program, including but
not limited to your breach of this Agreement.

**6\. Disclaimer of Warranties.** The Program is provided on an "as is" basis.
We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied,
including without limitation: (a) the implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement; (b) that the
Program, Vendor Central, Seller Central, or the amazon.com Site will meet your
requirements, will always be available, accessible, uninterrupted, timely,
secure, or operate without error; and (c) any implied warranty arising from
course of dealing or usage of trade. To the full extent permissible under
applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties.

**7\. Limitation of Liability.** In no event will our total liability arising
in connection with the Program exceed the aggregate fees paid by you in
connection with the Program for the twelve-month period preceding the claim.

**8\. Vendor and Seller Terms.** The products that you submit to us under the
Program are "Products" or "Your Products" (or the appropriate applicable term)
under the Selling Partner Agreement, including for purposes of provisions
related to your representations and warranties, and your indemnification and
defense obligations, as applicable.

