---
title: Amazon Device Accessories Policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200500100
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you supply products for sale in the Amazon store, you must
comply with all federal, state, and local laws, and Amazon policies applicable
to those products and product listings.

To delight customers, we understand that Amazon sellers may wish to sell
accessories for our Amazon devices, including but not limited to devices from
the brands listed on [Overview of Amazon Device
Accessories](/gp/help/GQULUKU23TN5EMHD) (“Amazon Devices”). Accessory products
that are exclusively compatible with Amazon devices belong in the Amazon
Device Accessories category.

For example, accessories that are designed to exclusively fit the Amazon
device brands that are listed on [our help page](/gp/help/GQULUKU23TN5EMHD)
(such as most covers, stands, mounts, screen protectors, and battery bases)
belong in the Amazon Device Accessories category. In contrast, accessories
that are compatible with both Amazon and non-Amazon devices do not belong in
this category.

For more information, go to [Overview of Amazon Device
Accessories](/gp/help/GQULUKU23TN5EMHD), [Overview of
categories](/gp/help/G200332540), [Selling on Amazon fee
schedule](/gp/help/G200336920), and the [Fee category guidelines for your
products](/gc/fee-category-guidelines#AmazonDeviceAccessories).

In addition to the Amazon Device Accessories policy, all listings for Amazon
device accessory products must comply with the [Amazon devices: fair use and
compatibility guidelines](/gp/help/G200500120), and must not otherwise violate
[Amazon’s intellectual property rights](/gp/hep/G201361070) (for example,
infringe Amazon’s patents). You are responsible for ensuring that your
listings comply with all applicable laws and regulations. As used in this
case, the term “listing” refers to an active ASIN, which is either a newly
created ASIN or is an offer made on existing ASINs in the Amazon store.

## Consequences for policy violations

Violations of the Amazon Device Accessories policy may result in, but may not
be limited to, the following actions:

  * Cancellation of the listing
  * Limits on listing privileges

In addition, Amazon may take additional action permitted under the [Amazon
Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791). Amazon reserves the
right to make judgments in its sole discretion about whether or not a listing
is compliant with the Amazon Device Accessories policy.

Seller violations can be tracked and resolved via the [Account Health
page](/performance/dashboard). For further assistance, you can also contact
[Selling Partner Support](/cu/contact-us?ref=xx_ContactUs_xxxx_helphub).

## Report a policy violation

Amazon encourages you to report listings that may violate our policies or any
applicable law from the [Account Health
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/performance/dashboard). Select [Report
abuse](/abuse-submission/index.html)and be sure to include all relevant
information so that we can conduct a thorough investigation.

