---
title: Amazon Partnered Carrier program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201119120
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Partnered Carrier program options are available for small-parcel
deliveries and less-than-truckload (LTL), intermodal, and full-truckload (FTL)
shipments within the 48 contiguous states in the US. The program offers
discounted rates for sending these shipments to FBA fulfillment centers. You
can benefit from competitive rates that we've negotiated with partnered
carriers and ensure fast transit times with carriers that have experience
shipping to Amazon.

Use our simplified process in Seller Central to print labels and track
deliveries for small-parcel shipments and get coverage for lost or damaged
items for your shipments under the [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy](/gp/help/200213130). To use the Partnered Carrier program, select the
option when you create the shipment in Seller Central.

  * **Small-parcel deliveries** consist of units that are packed in boxes, with each box individually labeled for delivery. Typically, these are smaller shipments that are sent via UPS. 
  * **LTL** , **intermodal** , and **FTL** shipments combine individual boxes on pallets for delivery. 

**Note:** LTL and FTL shipments that don’t use a partnered carrier require
additional information from you for delivery appointments. For more
information, go to [Carrier requirements for delivering
shipments](/gp/help/G200978420).

**Important:** During shipment creation, make sure that you select the correct
**shipping method** and **ship-from** address. Shipments that are sent via a
different shipping method or multiple shipping methods or carriers may not get
a delivery appointment or may be refused at pickup. An incorrect **ship-from**
address may result in additional fees or missed pickup requests.

Dangerous goods cannot be shipped via partnered carriers. To learn more, go to
[Dangerous goods identification guide (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400).

For more information and commonly asked questions, go to [Amazon Partnered
Carrier program FAQ](/gp/help/G201530080) and the [Partnered Carrier program
guide](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/inbound/Amazon_Inbound_Transportation/Partnered_Carrier_Guide_2023.pdf).

##  Amazon-partnered carriers for small-parcel delivery

Eligible carriers offer deeply discounted rates. The cost is billed to your
Seller Central disbursement account as an **inbound transportation charge**
and will appear as a service fee in your Payments report 24 hours after you
accept the charge. For shipments that weigh less than 1 lb, the minimum fee
applies.

Once your shipment is confirmed and the transportation fee has been accepted,
we'll provide you with a printable carrier tracking label, along with your FBA
box ID label, to use with the partnered carrier. Before you generate the
tracking label, be sure to review the details and check that all is correct.
Accurate shipping details help to prevent carrier delays, shipment problems,
and receiving errors.

**Note:** FBA box ID labels are required on all shipping boxes. Fulfillment
centers use these to receive your shipment. For more information go to
[Shipping label requirements](/gp/help/200178470).

After completing your shipment, give your package to your regularly scheduled
small-parcel pickup driver for your carrier or [schedule a one-time pickup via
UPS](https://wwwapps.ups.com/pickup/schedule?loc=en_US). You can also take the
package to a carrier drop-off site.

**Note:** You must reach out to the carrier to schedule a pickup request. This
may result in additional fees. UPS has regularly scheduled web-server
maintenance every Sunday between 10 a.m. and noon Eastern Time. During this
period, UPS labels may not be available for partnered-carrier shipments.

For more information, go to [Small-parcel delivery to
Amazon](/gp/help/G200280260).

**Billable weight and shipping-cost calculation**

Billable weight is used to estimate the shipping cost. The billable weight
will be either the dimensional weight or the physical shipment weight,
whichever is greater.

  * Shipment weight is the actual weight of your shipment based on the weight per box. 
  * Dimensional weight reflects package density based on the box dimensions that you provide, and is equal to the unit volume (length x width x height) divided by 139. For more information, go to [Dimensional weight](/gp/help/G53Z9EKF8VVZVH29).

**Note:** Small-parcel packages cannot exceed 150 lb, 165 inches in length and
girth combined, or 108 inches in length.

We estimate shipping cost based on the shipment packing information (box
weights and dimensions) and the expected billable weight rounded up.

**Note:** You are responsible for providing accurate shipment information to
calculate the price of your shipment. Inaccurate information will result in
charged fee adjustments and may result in the blocking of future shipments.

## Amazon-partnered carriers for LTL, FTL, and intermodal shipments

Partnered carriers offer discounted rates to eligible sellers. The cost is
billed to your account as an **inbound transportation charge** and appears as
a service fee in your Payments report. If your total shipment weighs more than
150 lb, consider using a partnered LTL or FTL carrier.

To use a partnered LTL or FTL carrier, you must meet the shipment requirements
described below and have the following:

  * A forklift to place pallets on a truck 
  * A dock to place pallets on a truck. See the dock requirements below. 
  * The ability to accommodate a 53-foot trailer coming to your pickup address. 

If your site can't accommodate a 53-foot trailer or meet the dock
requirements, you can request the lift-gate service or a box truck as
described below.

**Note:** LTL, FTL, and intermodal shipments using the Amazon Partnered
Carrier program must be placed on pallets. Our partnered carriers will refuse
shipments that are not on pallets, also known as [floor-
loaded](/gp/help/G200978440) shipments.

For more information, go to [Carrier requirements for delivering
shipments](/gp/help/G200978420).

When you create your shipment in Seller Central, you must provide a contact
email address and phone number. If there's an issue with picking up your
shipment, this email address and phone number will be the first point of
contact for resolving it.

**Tip:** We suggest using a group email for your contact. This ensures that
multiple people are contacted and helps to prevent missed contact attempts.

To learn more about LTL and FTL deliveries with the Partnered Carrier program,
watch this Seller University video:

<param name="allowfullscreen">

**Shipment requirements**

Each shipment requires four-way-access wooden pallets that are 40 x 48 inches
and GMA Standard B Grade or higher. Also provide the following information,
ensuring that it’s accurate:

  * A freight-ready date. Pallets must be ready for pickup by 8 a.m. local time on that date or by the earliest operating hours for your pickup location.
  * A pallet count at the time you accept the shipping-cost estimate
  * A weight for each pallet 
  * A height for each pallet
  * Whether or not your pallets are stackable
  * The freight class for the expected pallets

For more information, go to [Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL
deliveries](/gp/help/G200978400).

**Freight class**

Freight class is a standardized classification system that determines the
billable weight and risk of a shipment. Freight class is ranked from 50 to
500.

Make sure to provide accurate packaging information when creating a shipment.
This information should match the physical weights and dimensions of your
pallet and is used for your freight class estimate.

If you’re unsure of your shipment’s freight class, choose the **Estimate my
freight class** option in step 4 of the Send to Amazon workflow when you enter
your pallet information. We'll estimate the freight class based on the pallet
information that you provide.

**Note:** You are responsible for providing accurate shipment information to
calculate the price of your shipment. Inaccurate information will result in
charged fee adjustments and may result in the blocking of future shipments.

For more information, go to [Amazon Partnered Carrier freight
class](/gp/help/GUUS7TA8M9Z95P3R).

**Dock requirements**

**Important:** We value the safety of our partnered carriers and drivers, and
we reserve the right to reject pickup in unsafe or inaccessible locations.
This can include pickups along main roads, third-party storage locations,
congested pickup locations, and areas that drivers may not be able to access
easily or to dock or park without affecting local traffic or pedestrian
safety.

To ensure safety, the following requirements must be maintained:

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GMAHEJEEDPK59AHD_Global_en-US.png)
![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G939YPWL5LFMYU2U_Global_en-US.png)

**LTL lift-gate service and box truck request**

If you don’t have a dock door or a forklift, you can still use the Amazon-
partnered LTL service. To qualify for the service, your shipment must be under
12 pallets and weigh less than 20,000 lb.

To use the lift-gate service or request a box truck, follow these steps:  

  1. In step 1 of the Send to Amazon workflow, click **Ship from another address**. 
  2. Find the location for which you want to add or update your special-equipment needs and click **Edit**. (If adding a new address, click **Add contact**.)
  3. Click the **Special instructions (equipment)** tab. 
  4. Select all equipment types that can be accommodated at your warehouse. If you need a box truck or box truck with lift gate, make sure that you select only those options and deselect the option for a 53-foot trailer.
  5. Click **Save** and **Close**. 

We'll assign a carrier and create a bill of lading, which you'll receive via
email and can access in Seller Central.

**Warehouse operating hours**

Operating hours are used to plan the time of pickup from your ship-from
address. To provide operating hours, follow these steps:  

  1. In step 1 of the Send to Amazon workflow, click **Ship from another address**. 
  2. Find the location for which you want to add or update the operating hours. )If adding a new address click **Add Contact**.)
  3. Click the **Operating hours** tab. 
  4. Provide the hours of operations under each day of the week that your site is open to schedule a pickup request or click the check box under **Open 24 hours**. 
  5. **Add time range** allows for additional time frames during which your site is open each day. 
  6. Click **Save** and **Close**. 

**Note:** Providing inaccurate operating hours may result in pickup attempts
outside your business hours and could lead to cancellation of your pickup
requests.

## Amazon Freight LTL shipping service

Amazon Freight offers pallet pickup within two days of booking and provides
fast shipping at low rates. It’s available for pickup from select ZIP Codes
for shipments to designated fulfillment centers across the country. For more
information, go to [Amazon Freight LTL shipping
service](/help/hub/reference/GM9THX2S47XTGJTQ).

**Note:** Shipments that are sent using Amazon Freight must have Amazon
carrier pallet PRO labels on the outside of the pallets. These labels will be
printed along with the required FBA pallet labels.

**Scheduling a pickup**

When you use the Partnered Carrier program service, we provide an estimated
shipping fee and pickup date based on your shipment information, such as
number of pallets, weight, and freight class. We also include the freight-
ready date that you provide.

**Note:** Your actual shipping fees may exceed our estimate if the carrier
determines that your pallets weigh more than you indicated or the freight
class that you provided is incorrect, or both.

While booking your shipment, we'll select the lowest-cost carrier rate
available at the earliest date possible. When you select a freight-ready date,
we'll select the lowest cost carrier available on that particular day. To view
and select other carrier options, click **Change carrier**.

Your pickup date will be planned for the freight-ready date that you selected.
The scheduled pickup date, including any updates, will be shown in the
Shipping Queue and in your shipments’ summary pages. The carrier assigned to
your shipment will appear in the **Tracking details** step of Send to Amazon
as well as on your bill of lading.

**Note:** Freight-ready dates are dependent on carrier and network capacity.
“Gray” dates indicate a lack of capacity for a given date.

If you think your freight won't be ready before we attempt to pick it up, you
can update the freight-ready date until 5 p.m. local time the day before the
pickup date. To update your shipment’s freight-ready date, follow these steps:

  

  1. Open the **Shipment summary** page of the shipment that you’d like to update. 
  2. Click the **Shipment events** tab. 
  3. Under the **Picked up** section, click **Change freight-ready date**. 
  4. Select the new freight-ready date for your shipment and select a reason from the drop-down menu.
  5. Click **Update freight-ready date**. 

**Important:** Cancel any workflows containing shipments that won't be ready
in the foreseeable future and re-create the shipments after they are ready.
Shipments that aren't ready by the provided freight-ready date may be delayed,
rescheduled, or charged additional carrier fees. If freight isn't ready after
multiple failed attempts, your pickup request will be canceled.

**Preparing for pickup**

Shipments should be palletized, properly stretch-wrapped, labeled, and staged
at your pickup location with bills of lading printed from Seller Central via
the **Track shipment** tab or from the email sent to the address that you
provided.

Your dock yard should be free of all debris. The carrier needs enough space to
back in and dock a 53-foot trailer or, if selected, a box truck. If a lift
gate is needed, make sure the box truck has enough space to park and load
freight.

**Note:** Make sure that you provide the correct shipment to the assigned
carrier. Not doing so may result in additional fees, receiving errors, delays,
or rejected freight.

If you discuss your pickup details with the carrier, refer to your shipment by
the Amazon reference number on your bill of lading. The reference number is
different from your FBA shipment ID and is required for pickup and delivery
requests.

**Note:** Shipments with more than 12 pallets will be rolled into an FTL
shipment, which may be more cost-effective and have better transit times than
an LTL shipment. FTL shipments may require more lead time because carriers
must schedule delivery at the fulfillment center before they can pick up your
shipment. This may result in a delayed pickup date.

**Executing a pickup**

You are responsible for ensuring that your shipments are loaded onto the truck
in full. Drivers are not required to load shipments on behalf of shippers.

Once the driver is docked, give the driver the bill of lading and begin
loading the corresponding shipments. Both your warehouse clerk and the driver
will sign the bill of lading after they have confirmed that it matches the
shipment pallets that were loaded on the truck. Be sure to keep a copy of the
signed bill of lading.

**Note:** If you're sending a full truckload, a seal number must be added to
your bill of lading. For more information, go to [Seller requirements for LTL,
FTL and FCL deliveries](/help/hub/reference/200978400).

**Handling a missed pickup**

In some instances, the carrier may not be able to pick up your shipment on the
estimated pickup date. If that occurs, check the Shipping Queue or your
shipment’s **Summary** tab to view the new pickup date. If no new pickup date
is available, contact the carrier directly.

If you're unable to solve an issue with a missed pickup, submit a [carrier
missed pickup request](/help/hub/solution?type=CTI&id=10721). Mention that
your issue relates to "Partnered carrier delayed shipment pickup assistance."
Provide the shipment ID, assigned carrier, estimated pickup date, and Amazon
reference number from your shipment’s bill of lading.

##  Canceling and refunding an unused shipment

For information on how to cancel a shipment using the Send to Amazon workflow,
go to [Send to Amazon: Change or cancel your
shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

Your account won't be billed if you cancel the shipment within the following
time frames:

  * **Small-parcel shipments:** 24 hours after accepting charges
  * **LTL or FTL shipments:** One hour after accepting charges

**Important:** If the cancellation time expires, the cost is billed to your
account as an **inbound transportation charge** and appears as a service fee
in your Payments report.

To request a refund, [cancel the shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR), verify
that you've been charged for the shipment, and contact [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support).

To verify that you've been charged, see whether there's an **inbound
transportation charge** transaction in your Payments report with a fee amount
that matches the **Amazon partnered-carrier cost** amount shown on the summary
page for your shipment.

You may have multiple partnered-carrier shipments with the same Amazon
partnered-carrier cost amounts. When this occurs, verify that the creation
time stamp of the shipment that you canceled is either 24 hours or one hour in
advance of the transaction time stamp, depending on the shipping mode.

##  Partnered carrier options via the Selling Partner API

Amazon’s Selling Partner API includes partnered carrier options. For more
information, go to [Selling Partner API overview](/gp/help/GGE2PFUPLTR6J8FX).

