---
title: Amazon Imaging Services Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLB92H2ZXTHU95HH
section: General Documentation
---

These Amazon Imaging Services Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”)
apply to your use of Amazon’s photo and video imaging (the “Imaging Services”)
which are described more fully on the [Amazon Imaging
Services](/gp/help/G44X5ZEJBPKD9VF9) page. These Terms and Conditions
supplement and are to be read in conjunction with the [Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) (the "Agreement"). Capitalized
terms used and not defined in these Terms and Conditions have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Agreement.

**Imaging of Products You Provide.** Amazon will take photographs or videos of
eligible products (such photographs or videos, “Product Images”).

**License.** All Product Images created through the Imaging Services are the
sole and exclusive property of Amazon. Amazon grants you a non-exclusive
license to reproduce and publicly display Product Images that do not include
the image of a human model; provided, however, that you will comply with any
removal requests from Amazon as to specific uses of Product Images.

**Eligibility.** Amazon will determine in its sole discretion which of Your
Products are eligible for the Imaging Services.

**Loss and Damage.** If there is a loss of or damage to any of Your Products
during the Imaging Services, we will reimburse you in accordance with the
terms of the Agreement; provided, however, that we will not reimburse you for
damage to apparel, jewelry, shoes, watch products, perishables, or products
that require assembly.

