---
title: Amazon Home Services FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GR6GG4G6MGRJ3TC7
section: General Documentation
---

#### What is happening?

In order to provide the best possible customer experience, we have decided to
resume only select services and in a subcontractor model moving forward. As a
result, third-party sellers in the U.S. will no longer be able to offer
standalone in-home services in the Amazon store effective July 25, 2020. As
health and safety guidelines allow, we will gradually resume a subset of the
services previously available. For example, we will not offer landscaping or
house cleaning, but we will offer product related in-home services, including
furniture assembly and TV mounting.

#### What does this mean for sellers?

Third-party sellers in the U.S. will no longer be able to offer standalone in-
home services in the Amazon store effective July 25, 2020. Effective
immediately, sellers will be unable to add or edit services or technicians in
Seller Central, but they will be able to access their account on Seller
Central. Customers will no longer be able to find or purchase from the service
providerâ€™s profile page.

#### How can I apply to offer my services?

We wanted to provide you with as much notice as possible regarding these
changes. If you are interested in applying to become a subcontractor, we will
publish the program requirements and updates
[here](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/professional-services.html).

#### Do I need to do anything with my account or listings?

No. You will no longer be able to add or edit listings. However, you will
still have access to Seller Central and reporting.

#### Will I still be able to access my Seller Central account?

Yes. You will continue to have access to your Seller Central account profile
to refer to your service order history, including sales proceeds remittance
history, and reports.

#### Should I still submit technicians for background check?

No, do not submit more technicians for background check screening.

#### Can I close my account?

Yes, if you want to close your account, contact Seller Support or follow the
steps on this [Help page](/gp/help/G200399470).

#### How will I get paid for my completed services?

Any sales proceeds will be remitted based on the usual payment schedule. If
you have further questions on this topic, contact Seller Support.

#### If I have additional questions not answered in this FAQ, who should I
contact?

Please send a message to Seller Support.

