---
title: Amazon Partnered Carrier program FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201530080
section: General Documentation
---

#### Do I need to have a dock door or forklift to use the Amazon Partnered
Carrier program’s less-than-truckload (LTL) service?

Partnered carriers can pick up pallets from locations that don't have dock
doors or forklifts, as long as the shipment consists of fewer than 12 pallets
and weighs less than 20,000 lb. You can update your warehouse hours and
special equipment needs by updating your **ship-from address** information in
step 1 of the the Send to Amazon workflow. If you ask for lift-gate service,
you may experience a delay in pickup depending on whether the carrier has a
lift-gate truck available right away.

**Note:** Be sure to place your shipment on pallets where the carrier will
pick them up. The carrier will not be able to move pallets to the truck.

#### Can I get the same trucking company for all of my LTL shipments?

While booking your partnered-carrier LTL shipment, we'll select the lowest-
cost carrier rate available at the earliest date possible. To view and select
other carrier options, click **Change carrier**.

#### Why is my cost different than the initial estimate or the “cost from”
amount shown?

The estimated carrier cost shown during step 2 or the costs in step 4 of the
Send to Amazon workflow is based on the initial lowest cost for your shipping
details based on the carriers available. The final cost will be determined by
the final carrier assigned to your shipment and the shipping details that you
enter and confirm.

#### Do I need a minimum number of packages or pallets to use the partnered-
carrier LTL service?

Partnered carriers don't require a minimum number of pallets. If your small-
parcel shipment weighs more than 250 lb, the partnered-carrier LTL service
might be less expensive than other shipping options.

#### How do I know when my LTL, intermodal, or full truckload (FTL) pickup
will occur? What if there's a change or disruption?

You can view the latest pickup date for your LTL, FTL, or intermodal shipments
in your [Shipping Queue](/gp/ssof/shipping-queue.html) under **Shipment
status** or from the **Shipment summary** page for a particular shipment. This
date will reflect any updates that result from pickup disruptions, delays, or
rescheduling.

If you think your freight won't be ready before we attempt to pick it up, you
can update the freight-ready date until 5 p.m. local time the day before the
pickup date. To update your shipment’s freight-ready date, follow these steps:  

  1. Open the **Shipment summary** page of the shipment that you’d like to update. 
  2. Click the **Shipment events** tab. 
  3. Under the **Picked up** section, click **Change freight-ready date**. 
  4. Select the new freight-ready date for your shipment and select a reason from the drop-down menu. 
  5. Click **Update freight-ready date**. 

#### I ship my products to Amazon directly from the manufacturer or
distributor. Can I still use the Partnered Carrier program?

Yes. All you need are the shipment details while creating the shipment request
in Seller Central.

For example, if you want to use the partnered-carrier service for small-parcel
delivery, you must provide the number of boxes and the accurate weight and
dimensions of each box to get an estimated rate and print shipping labels.
Enter the manufacturer’s address as the **ship-from** location. Once you print
the labels, send them to your manufacturer.

Similarly, for the partnered-carrier LTL service, must provide the number of
pallets and the weight, dimensions, and freight class of each pallet to get an
estimated rate. When the bill of lading is ready in Seller Central, send it to
your manufacturer and ask them to coordinate with the carrier for pickup. Be
sure to give your manufacturer the Amazon reference number provided on your
bill of lading. The reference number is different from your FBA shipment ID
and is required for pickup and delivery requests.

#### Can I get the scheduled pickup from my local UPS office if I use the
partnered-carrier service for small-parcel delivery?

Amazon does not schedule pickup for the partnered-carrier service for small-
parcel delivery. However, you can schedule pickup with your local UPS online
or by phone. You will need the tracking ID.

#### Can I get a confirmation receipt from UPS after the driver picks up my
partnered-carrier shipment?

Yes, you can get a confirmation receipt from the UPS driver. Drivers scan all
packages at the seller’s location during pickup. This “origin scan” is the
official record that the UPS has possession of the shipment, but you may want
to get a confirmation receipt as well. You can see the origin scan as part of
the tracking history on the Seller Central Shipment Summary page under the
**Track shipment** and **Shipment events** tabs, as well as on the shipment
tracking tool on the UPS website.

#### What are shipment weight, dimensional weight, and billable weight?

Shipment weight is the actual weight of your shipment based on the weight per
box that you provide in the shipment packing information. Dimensional weight
reflects package density based on the box dimensions that you provide, and is
equal to the unit volume (length x width x height) divided by 139. We use the
higher of the two weights as the billable weight for small-parcel shipments.

#### How is shipping cost estimated for small-parcel shipments?

We estimate shipping cost based on the shipment packing information that you
provide (box weights and dimensions) and the billable weight. You are
responsible for providing accurate shipment information to calculate the price
of your shipment. Inaccurate information will result in charged fee
adjustments and may result in the blocking of future shipments.

#### How is shipping cost estimated for LTL and FTL shipments?

We estimate shipping cost based on the shipment packing information that you
provide (pallet density, height, whether stackable, and number of pallets) and
the distance from your **ship-from** address to the destination fulfillment
center. The pallet packaging information determines your shipment’s freight
class, which you can provide or have us estimate for you.

You are responsible for providing accurate shipment information and for the
actual cost of the shipment. Providing inaccurate information may result in
the blocking of future shipments to the fulfillment center, or an adjustment
to the total fees collected for your shipment. FTL shipments may provide you
with lower rates.

####  **Are there any restrictions on my pickup location for the partnered-
carrier LTL service?**

Partnered carriers are not able to pick up from any ocean shipping terminal or
port location. You must transfer your products to a shipping location outside
of the terminal or port that can accommodate the carrier’s equipment.

Partnered carriers do not accept pickup appointments.

We value the safety of our partnered carriers and drivers, and we reserve the
right to reject pickup in unsafe or inaccessible locations. This can include
pickups along main roads, third-party storage locations, congested pickup
locations, and areas that drivers may not be able to access easily or to dock
or park without affecting local traffic or pedestrian safety.

####  **What if my ship-from address is in Hawaii or Alaska?**

Partnered carriers shipments are available only within the 48 contiguous
United States. For shipments, you must use your own carrier.

####  **What if my shipment contains dangerous goods (hazmat) or my product
isn't yet classified as dangerous goods?**

We require that you provide specific dangerous-goods information and
documentation, even if your product isn't regulated as a dangerous good.
Dangerous goods are prohibited on partnered-carrier shipments, and you must
send any shipment that contains dangerous goods via your own carrier. For more
information, go to [Dangerous goods required information and documentation
(hazmat)](/gp/help/201371860).

We strive to provide quick and accurate support to resolve your late pickup
issues. [Contact our support team](/help/hub/solution?type=CTI&id=10721).

