---
title: Amazon Global Selling SEND shipping from China to the US
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSH9V57WXEXGJTL7
section: General Documentation
---

The Amazon Global Selling SEND program allows you to send your Fulfillment by
Amazon (FBA)/Amazon Warehouse Distribution (AWD) inventory from China to
Amazon fulfillment centers/Amazon Warehouse Distribution centers in the US.
The program enables you to commercially ship your FBA/AWD shipments in a cost-
effective manner. Once the partnered carrier picks up your shipment, they will
handle shipping from customs clearances to delivery to an Amazon fulfillment
center. Doorstep pickup and drop-off at a carrier facility in China is
available.

## SEND program features

Following are the features SEND program:

  * **Integration into Seller Central**

You can book shipments, enter customs information, schedule pickup by the
carrier, and pay logistics freight charges directly in Seller Central while
creating your FBA shipment.

  * **Amazon-facilitated shipping**

You don't need to create a separate account with the carrier or do any credit
checks to use the Partnered Carrier program for global shipments. Ensure that
your shipment and customs declaration documents are ready at the time of
pickup.

  * **Commercially cleared**

Partnered carrier shipments will be commercially cleared, with the carrier
taking care of both origin and destinations customs clearance.

  * **Amazon-negotiated rates and seamless payments**

You can rely on Amazon's negotiated rates along with seamless Seller Central
integrated payments.

  * **Door-to-door pickup and delivery**

Once you schedule pickup from your location, the carrier will come to your
door for pickup and handle delivery to an Amazon US fulfillment center.

  * **End-to-end tracking**

You can track the status of your FBA shipment within Seller Central via the
this path, _Seller Central > Inventory > Shipments > Search by shipment ID >
Track Shipment > Shipment events_.

## Send shipments through SEND

**FBA shipment creation workflow:**

You can use SEND to select an Amazon partnered carrier within the FBA shipment
creation workflow. The shipping options available to you will be based on the
ship-from location that you provide. Book an FBA shipment with a participating
carrier as follows:  

  1. To create an FBA shipment, there are two ways,  

    1. Select **Manage All Inventory** from the **Inventory** drop-down menu in Seller Central. Select each item that you want to ship, and then select **Send/replenish inventory** from the **Action on selected** drop-down menu.
    2. Select **FBA Inventory** from the Inventory drop-down menu in Seller Central. Select each item that you want to ship, and then select **Send/Replenish inventory** from the drop-down menu next to **Bulk Action**.
  2. On the **Send to Amazon** workflow, select your **Ship from address**. This is the address from which you'll send your inventory. By default, this will show the last address from which you shipped. You can change this address by clicking **Ship from another address**.
  3. To add inventory to your workflow from a list of available FBA SKUs, choose **Select from list** as your SKU selection method. You can add inventory as single-SKU boxes (also called case packs) or as individual units. Go to [Send to Amazon: choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T) for detailed steps. 
     * Single-SKU boxes, or case packs, contain one or more units of the same SKU. If the contents, weights, and dimensions for your single-SKU boxes don’t change frequently, we recommend that you create case pack templates for those SKUs that you want to send to Amazon.
     * Case pack templates let you save information about how your SKUs are packed, prepped, and labeled. Once you have created a template, you can reuse it for future shipments, which can save your time when you replenish inventory. You can have up to three case pack templates per SKU in **Send to Amazon**. You can edit a template by clicking the **Edit** icon in the packing details column.
  4. On the **Confirm shipping** page of **Send to Amazon,** select **Amazon Partnered Carrier** as the program and view single/multiple destination fulfillment centers where the shipment will be bound to. Effective March 1, 2024, you can select different FBA inventory inbound placement options while creating a shipping plan as per your requirements to optimize your total logistics fees. For details, go to [2024 FBA inbound placement service fee](/gp/help/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z).
  5. After you input the ship date, shipping service (pickup or drop-off), and export license, you will see the estimated shipping cost, and you can select the shipping mode and shipping carrier you want to use.

**Note:** For China to the US SEND, there are many carriers. The payment
method would be either online or offline. You can differentiate via carrier
name, whether it's has offline payment, when getting the estimated shipping
fee. For the carrier name, without offline payment, it will go with online
payment. For online payment, seller will be charged through reimbursement
account. For offline payment, seller can reach out to carrier offline for more
information. Carrier contact information is available once the booking is
confirmed. For Carrier LinkTrans, shipments created before August 6, 21:00
China Standard Time (UTC+8), will apply to offline payment, which means
LinkTrans will directly reach out to you to collect payment and you are
required to pay the carrier offline. Shipments created after August 6, 21:00
China Standard Time (UTC+8) will apply to online payment and Amazon will
charge you.

  6. After confirming the shipping carrier, enter the information required for customs clearance listed below:
     * **Export License (EOR) Number:** EOR number is export license number
     * **Company Name in English:** Full company name in English
     * **Company Name in Chinese:** Full company name in Chinese
     * **Company information:** Full company name in English along with complete company address
     * **Origin contact details:** Point of contact in China for carrier to contact for shipping arrangement and sending invoices
  7. After confirming the customs information, choose the pickup date and slot for the carrier to pick up the shipment. If you choose drop-off, the carrier's contact details will appear which allows you to coordinate the drop-off.   

    1. Click **Calculate** to generate the estimate for shipping fees based on the box dimensions and weight. The fees do not include customs duties and taxes to be charged by US customs and other value added service charges. 
    2. Click **Accept charges** to agree to the carrier's terms and conditions, and accept the charges. 
You will be charged for the shipment after the shipment is delivered in the
destination fulfillment center. Amazon will charge you for end to end freight,
customs duties, and any accessorial/unplanned charges as posted by the
carrier.

  8. After you accept the charges, download the print box labels and relevant carrier labels that must be pasted on the shipment boxes when handing over to the carrier at pickup/drop-off. 
  9. Click **Complete shipment** to send a notification to the carrier for pickup slot confirmation. You can then track the shipment on Seller Central.

## AWD shipment creation workflow

  * AWD is a third-party logistics program that can provide you with long-term, upstream bulk inventory storage that is cost effective. In addition, the program provides with an option to automatically replenish your inventory in Prime-ready fulfillment centers.
  * At this time, AWD is available only in the US. For more information on eligibility, go to [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD) product eligibility](/gp/help/GGTMT4PTMUMHDS6B).
  * To start creating the shipment, go to our [program page](/asdn/about#learn-service), navigate to **Manage service** and click **Create shipment**. You’ll then be directed to the Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution workflow.

For more information, go to [Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and
Distribution (AWD): Confirm shipping](help/hub/reference/GQ6ZR5KNWKRBPT4M),
Option 2: Amazon Global Selling SEND for detailed steps on shipment creation.

## Suggested document formats and document samples

**Standard template**  

  1. Commercial invoice _[Includes Goods of Description, Brand, Model, Material, HS Codes (Harmonic commodity description and coding system), Boxes count, Quantity (units), Unit Price (USD), Total Price (USD), Product picture, Electrization (Yes or No), Powder/liquid (Yes or No)]_
  2. Packing List _[Includes Goods of Description, Brand, Model, Material, HS Codes (Harmonic commodity description and coding system), Boxes count, Quantity (units), Unit Price (USD), Total Price (USD), Product picture, Electrization (Yes or No), Powder/liquid (Yes or No)]_

**EOR document**  

  1. Draft Customs Declaration form 
  2. Copy of Purchase Order
  3. Online Customs Power of Attorney

## Dangerous goods

Dangerous goods, or hazardous materials, must not be sent using the partnered
carrier program for global shipments. To ensure safe transportation, dangerous
goods must comply with all applicable regulations and will be subjected to
additional terms. To learn more, go to [FBA Dangerous Goods
program](/gp/help/GZLZBQ7W6QZRKWWK).

