---
title: Amazon Lending
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5FQ5KR6FTQ4DGG2
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Lending has discontinued term loans underwritten by Amazon. We continue
to offer term loans, merchant cash advances, and lines of credit by invitation
through trusted third-party financing providers.

Any products that you’re eligible to apply for will be presented on your offer
page.

## Why did Amazon decide to stop offering term loans?

To ensure we’re investing in options that best serve you, we regularly review
our programs and services. With a growing number of third-party finance
providers, we have made the decision to focus on third-party financing
products and discontinue term loans underwritten by Amazon.

## How will my experience with an invitation from a third-party provider
differ from my experience with a term loan from Amazon?

With term loans underwritten by Amazon, the entire process from loan
invitation to application, offer acceptance or decline, disbursement,
repayment, and refinancing is managed through Seller Central.

With our third-party financing options, financing invitations, offer
acceptance or decline, and Amazon disbursement bank-account locking are
managed through Seller Central. The application, repayment, and refinancing
are managed through the third-party provider’s website. Steps may vary by
provider.

## How does Amazon choose its third-party providers?

Amazon collaborates with third-party providers who help provide business
financing options to sellers who meet specific business requirements. We
evaluate many factors when selecting a third-party provider to join the Amazon
Lending program, including their experience in serving Amazon sellers and
potential to innovate and continuously improve the seller experience through
enhanced features and capabilities and best-in-class offerings.

**Note:** If you need support with payments for your Amazon-financed term
loan, email lending-services@amazon.com with information about your business
situation so we can help you identify possible solutions.

For more information about financing for small and medium-sized businesses, go
to the following US Small Business Administration pages:

  * [Fund your business](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide/plan-your-business/fund-your-business?initialSessionID=133-6837401-0209905&ld=NSGoogle&ldStackingCodes=SDUS1Direct%3ESEUSSOAGOOG-SCTRL20001-D%3EAEUSLNGPAOOOOASBA-elearning1%3ESEUSSOAGOOG-SCTRL20001-D%3ENSGoogle)
  * [Get more funding](https://www.sba.gov/business-guide/grow-your-business/get-more-funding?initialSessionID=133-6837401-0209905&ld=NSGoogle&ldStackingCodes=SDUS1Direct%3ESEUSSOAGOOG-SCTRL20001-D%3EAEUSLNGPAOOOOASBA-elearning1%3ESEUSSOAGOOG-SCTRL20001-D%3ENSGoogle)

## Amazon financing invitations

To view available financing options, select **Growth** from the drop-down menu
in Seller Central and select **Lending**.

**Note:** Amazon employees or selling accounts that are affiliated with Amazon
employees are not eligible for financing through Amazon Lending.

## Denial of pre-qualified loan applications

You received a loan invitation because you pre-qualified as a seller, but you
were not pre-approved to receive a loan. The loan application you submitted
after receiving the invitation went through one more review process. During
this review, we found that your business did not meet our eligibility criteria
for the loan application at this time.

**Note:** As part of our loan application review process, we might review your
business credit history with one or more credit bureaus. This does not affect
your business’s credit score.

## Interest-only loan versus term loan

An interest-only loan provides a low monthly payment of interest for the first
three months, and then the payments between four and 12 months will increase
to pay down principal and interest.

A term loan provides a payment that pays down the principal balance throughout
the entire loan term. The monthly payment is the same throughout the term of
the loan.

**Term loan interest rates**

The terms of each financing invitation are fixed and cannot be altered. When
you become eligible to receive a financing invitation, many factors are
considered when determining how much the financing will be, the duration, and
the interest rate. If you choose not to take the financing, it won’t affect
future invitations should your seller account become eligible again.

**Difference between total loan cost and annual percentage rate (APR)**

Amazon loan invitations show the cost of a loan as two interest rates:

  * Total cost percentage rate is the total interest cost divided into the principal loan amount. 
  * APR is the percentage that represents the yearly cost of funds over the term of a loan, as if there were no payments. 

As you make monthly payments, the principal balance decreases, and the monthly
cost of interest each month also decreases. The total cost as a percentage is
always less than the APR. You can pay down your loan sooner than the agreed
term, and your future interest cost will be less.

Amazon loans have no origination fee, no early prepayment penalty, and the
interest calculates as simple interest.

## Credit references

As part of our policy, we do not share vendor, seller, or buyer information
with third parties, therefore we can’t be used as a credit reference.

In addition, as part of our policy, we communicate directly only with our
customers.

## Disable Amazon Lending permissions

At this time, it’s not possible to hide the financing offers from other users
of the selling account. However, you can disable permissions so that other
users can’t apply for financing.

To disable Amazon Lending permission, follow these steps:  

  1. From the settings drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.
  2. Click **Manage permissions**. 
  3. Scroll down to find **Amazon Lending: Loan registration**. 
  4. Click **None**. 

## Resources

For information on lending options for China-based sellers, go to [Seller
Lending program](/gp/help/GZN5DX64LP2QYZ69).

