---
title: Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200371640
section: General Documentation
---

Use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers is governed by the Amazon seller
service agreement (e.g. Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement,
Merchants@Amazon.com Program Agreement or Marketplace Participation Agreement)
that you have entered into with Amazon Services LLC or one of its affiliates
(**"we"** , **"us"** , **"our"**), as supplemented by the following terms and
conditions. In addition to Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers, the Amazon
seller service agreement governs your offering of products for purchase on
Amazon.com (the **"Amazon Site"**) and our fulfillment of your products,
including disbursement of any funds (**"Disbursement"**) to the bank account
that you specify in your Amazon seller account (**"Your Bank Account"**), as
well as any refunds, fees, costs and reimbursements due to us (**"Reverse
Transactions"**).

  

  1. When you elect to use Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers, you are only asking us to change the currency in which we make each Disbursement (and any necessary Reverse Transaction) to the currency of the country/region in which Your Bank Account is located (**"Your Bank Location Currency"**) rather than the currency paid by customers on the Amazon Site. You are not tendering payment in one currency and receiving from us another currency.
  2. Any conversion from or to Your Bank Location Currency using Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers will take place at the exchange rate applied by our third party service provider at the time we initiate the Disbursement or Reverse Transaction, which incorporates and reflects all fees and charges for payment in the currency you select (**"Applicable Exchange Rate"**). Such third party service provider will then facilitate the conversion of the currency of each Disbursement or Reverse Transaction from or to Your Bank Location Currency. We may share information about you or your transactions with any such third party service provider as required to complete your Disbursement or Reverse Transaction, as applicable. Exchange rates fluctuate under market conditions that are not under our control, so the Applicable Exchange Rate for each Disbursement and each Reverse Transaction might be different. The Applicable Exchange Rate only applies at the time of each Disbursement or Reverse Transaction and may change for future Disbursements and Reverse Transactions. 
  3. In addition, we may show an estimated amount in Your Bank Location Currency for each pending Disbursement and/or Reverse Transaction, based on the exchange rate received by us from our service provider at the time we estimate the amount (the **"Estimated Exchange Rate"**). Please also note that the Estimated Exchange Rate may differ from the Applicable Exchange Rate due to fluctuations under market conditions that are not under our control.
  4. You can view the Estimated Exchange Rate for each pending Disbursement and Reverse Transaction, as well as the Applicable Exchange Rate for each completed Disbursement and Reverse Transaction, by clicking the **"View Exchange Rate"** link in your Amazon seller account.
  5. You may discontinue use of the Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers at any time. If you do so, you must first update the information for Your Bank Account to include a bank account for which the local currency is the same as the currency of the Amazon Site. Subsequent Disbursements may take up to an extra 14 days to allow for the updated bank account information to take effect.
  6. When using Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers, you bear the risk, if any, that the exchange rate at the time of sale of your products on the Amazon Site, or at the time when any refund, reimbursement, fee or cost is incurred, differs from the Estimated Exchange Rate and/or the Applicable Exchange Rate. Your use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers and these terms and conditions are independent of, and do not provide any additional rights with respect to, your contractual obligations to buyers of your products on the Amazon Site. The buyer of your products on the Amazon Site is neither involved in providing Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers to you, nor a party to these terms and conditions.
  7. We may make changes to Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers and these terms and conditions at any time and solely at our discretion. Any changes (a) for legal, regulatory, fraud and abuse prevention, or security reasons; (b) to change existing features or add additional features to the Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (where this does not materially adversely affect your use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers); or (c) to restrict products or activities that we deem unsafe, inappropriate, or offensive will be effective upon the posting of such changes on your Amazon seller account or on the Amazon Site. Any other changes will be effective 15 days after the posting of such changes on your Amazon seller account or on the Amazon Site. You are responsible for reviewing these locations and informing yourself of all applicable changes or notices. You should refer regularly to your Amazon seller account and the Amazon Site respectively to understand the current terms and conditions related to Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF AMAZON CURRENCY CONVERTER FOR SELLERS AFTER ANY SUCH CHANGES HAVE BECOME EFFECTIVE WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES TO AMAZON CURRENCY CONVERTER FOR SELLERS AND/OR THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT CONTINUE TO USE AMAZON CURRENCY CONVERTER FOR SELLERS. You will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time that you use Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers, unless any change to these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to all orders as required by that law or government authority). If any of these terms and conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable by a court, that term or condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition.
  8. Our failure to enforce your strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions will not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such provision or any other provision of these terms and conditions subsequently.
  9. We may terminate your use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers for convenience with 30 days’ advance notice. We also retain the right to immediately suspend or terminate your use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers if we determine that (a) you have materially breached an applicable agreement with us and failed to cure within 7 days of a cure notice unless your breach exposes us to liability toward a third party, in which case we are entitled to reduce, or waive, the aforementioned cure period at our reasonable discretion; (b) your account has been, or our controls identify that it may be, used for deceptive or fraudulent, or illegal activity; or (c) your use of Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers has harmed, or our controls identify that it might harm, other Sellers, customers, or Amazon’s legitimate interests.

  * [Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers - FAQ](/gp/help/200381250)
  * [Countries and Currencies Supported by Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers](/gp/help/200497780)

