---
title: Amazon Handmade
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817090
section: General Documentation
---

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/h/Handmade/Handmade_Logo_Final.png)

Amazon Handmade allows you to sell your handcrafted products to customers
around the world. Amazon uses an application process to screen new sellers for
the Handmade category, to ensure that customers are able to buy with
confidence.

Amazon Handmade stores are available in the following regions:

  * **North America** : United States of America, Canada, and Mexico
  * **Europe** : United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain

## Amazon Handmade benefits

  * We have a Maker application and audit process to ensure we are building a shop of genuinely handcrafted goods.
  * Once you are approved to sell in Handmade and you have upgraded to a Professional Selling Plan, Amazon Handmade will waive the monthly Professional Selling Plan fee after the first month.
  * After joining Amazon Handmade, creating your shop and listing products is free. In addition, you won’t be charged transaction or processing fees.
  * Each Handmade item sold is eligible for Handmade’s lower [referral fee](/gp/help/G201814220), as long as you have a Professional selling plan enabled on your account.
  * Amazon Handmade offers a custom profile for your goods.

## Amazon Handmade program eligibility

  * An approved selling account on Amazon, enabled with a Professional selling plan, with no restrictions from selling
  * Independent makers, working alone or preferably, with fewer than 20 friends, family members, or employees to create products
  * Collaborative groups – cooperatives, nonprofits, or charities:
    * Cooperative – a group of makers united to meet their common economic, social, and cultural needs.
    * Non-profit Organization (NPO) – groups dedicated to furthering a particular social cause or advocating for a shared point of view. 
    * Non-government Organization (NGO) – groups dedicated to furthering a particular social cause or advocating for a shared point of view that operates autonomously of government.
    * Social enterprise – organizations with the goal to empower and support collectives and communities of makers making one-of-a-kind, handmade products. For example, a social enterprise organization creates one-of-a-kind designs and works with communities of makers across their region to help with the creation and production of their final product. 

**Note:** Collaborative groups must supply a link to a website or other online
documentation containing information about your organization.

**Important:** Your participation in Amazon Handmade is subject to Amazon’s
approval. For additional information on Amazon Handmade terms and conditions,
go to [Amazon Handmade: Terms and conditions](/gp/help/G201817290).

## Amazon Handmade product eligibility

All products listed for sale in the Amazon Handmade store must comply with the
following eligibility requirements:

  * Products must be designed and produced by you, your small group of family members/employees (20 or fewer is preferred).
  * Production methods using hand tools and light machinery are allowed if used by individuals in their home, studio, or workspace. However, mass production using assembly lines or automation technology is not allowed.
  * Hand altered, pre-made items are acceptable. For example, application of your own designs to drinkware, tea towels.
  * Upcycling, or taking a used item and improving its value through refinement or upgrade is allowed. For example, painting or refinishing a table.
  * Repurposing, or taking an item and using it or its component parts or pieces for something entirely new or different, is allowed. For example, creating bowl out of an old vinyl record or pillow covers from vintage rugs.

The following options are prohibited in Amazon Handmade:

  * Outsourcing of product production
  * Drop-shipping of products
  * Reselling products by third parties
  * Digital and downloadable products, food or other ingestible products, and electronics
  * Live plants, other than ‘air plants’ which may be included with hand-crafted planters or containers
  * Raw materials and crafting supplies, unless included as part of a Do it Yourself (DIY) kit or crafting supplies that have been made by you (yarn, felt) or hand-altered by you (dyed material, yarn)

For category-specific limitations and eligibility criteria, go to [Amazon
Handmade: Category listing policies and
requirements](/gp/help/GNGMMFQ5FPLJFBJP).

## Apply to sell in Amazon Handmade

**Note:** You must have an existing Seller Central account before you can
apply to sell in Amazon Handmade. A Professional selling plan is required to
unlock Handmade features and benefits.

Before you can begin selling your items in the Handmade store, you must go
through our [application process](/handmade/apply) and be approved to sell in
the Handmade store.

Our simplified application process requires the following information:

  * Name and email
  * Information on your production design and production processes: Applications that do not contain details of your production processes will not be accepted.
  * Pictures of your work: Images must clearly show your business name, logo, or business card.

Conditional approval may be given to sellers that have not yet completed the
selling account registration process or have not upgraded to a Professional
selling plan. Sellers that receive conditional approval will receive a
communication from Handmade support, instructing them on what they need to do
to complete the Handmade application process and be eligible to start listing
products in the Handmade store.

**Note:** Including a URL to any existing site, where you may be selling your
hand-crafted items, as well as relevant social media links will help us in
making an informed decision on your application. Your application will be
reviewed and an associate may reach out to you to confirm details or request
additional information.

**Important:** Initial application approval is regional. Once your application
to sell in Handmade is accepted in North America, extending your reach to
Europe requires the creation of a new selling account for that region.
However, you do not need to seek approval to sell in different regions. Your
current approval can be extended from one region to the next. For more
information, go to [Amazon Handmade: Expand your handmade business to other
regions](/gp/help/G7TEMLUGAH27UDS9).

**Confirm application acceptance**

You should receive a notification from Amazon Handmade indicating your
acceptance or rejection to sell in Handmade. However, you can confirm your
ability to list in the Handmade store by going to **Settings** > [Account
Info](/hz/sc/account-information). Under **Account Overview** , on the right-
hand side, you will see **Amazon Handmade** with a green **Registered** label
next to it.

## Listing Amazon Handmade products

If you are currently selling handmade products in a different Amazon category,
and those products meet the Amazon Handmade eligibility criteria, you can move
them to the Amazon Handmade store. To do this, edit your existing product
listings and add the **Handmade Classification** attribute. For more
information, go to [Amazon Handmade: List your products](/gp/help/G201817280).

Visit following pages for more tips about creating great product listings:

  * [Amazon Handmade: Image requirements best practices](/gp/help/GNRP6DDJV79DUHRD)
  * [Amazon Handmade: Product title best practices](/gp/help/GRLUNACJV3JB23G2)

**Note:** Once you add your products, it can take up to 24 hours for them to
show onsite. If you are still having problems finding your products, go to
[Common reasons you cannot find your Handmade
listings](/gp/help/GRCWJ4KHBNQ3SNTB).

## Shipping Amazon Handmade products

After you have added your items, learn more about how to manage your Handmade
business, including managing your orders and increasing sales.

  * [Amazon Handmade: Best practices for fulfilling orders](/gp/help/G201835090)
  * [Use Fulfillment by Amazon to ship your Handmade products](/gp/help/G201817680)

## Growing your Amazon Handmade business

Once you have your business up and running, you may be interested in reviewing
suggestions from Amazon Handmade on increasing your discoverability and sales.
For more information, go to [Get started with Amazon
Handmade](/gp/help/G2NVGK9X3Y4XRT9H).

You can find all the content you need to help build and grow your Handmade
business in the [Handmade Hub.](/gc/handmade-hub/)

**News announcement and press releases**

Makers conducting their own PR activities, either independently or through a
contracted agency that include any mention of Amazon or Amazon Handmade,
should engage our Amazon Handmade PR team to review their content two-weeks
before issuing an announcement or press release. Contact Handmade support via
[Contact us](/cu/contact-us) and they will connect you with the Handmade PR
team.

Send a draft of your release in a Word document, which may also be routed to
and reviewed by other Amazon stakeholders as appropriate. A Handmade PR
representative will get in touch with you.

