---
title: Amazon Lending with Lendistry
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJRZPQMZ2SU88PLG
section: General Documentation
---

## Products available through Lendistry

Lendistry offers a term loan to qualifying US-based businesses by invitation.

Based on Lendistry’s criteria, each eligible business’s offer may range from
$10,000 to $250,000 with terms of up to three years.

Annual percentage rate (APR) will vary and is determined by a number of
factors including the credit worthiness of the seller, business performance on
Amazon, and the ability to re-pay.

## Applying for multiple financing options

Term loans from Lendistry can’t be combined with other financing products on
Seller Central. Once you accept a term loan from Lendistry, you will not be
able to move forward with any applications that you have in progress with
other financial providers.

## Lendistry loan payments

Payments are electronically debited on a periodic basis from the bank account
that you provide, based on the loan terms.

## Update the bank account associated with a Lendistry loan

If you would like to update your preferred bank account for both Amazon and
Lendistry, you must first update the bank account that is associated with your
business’s term loan with Lendistry. Contact Lendistry at (888) 216-6445 to
request the change.

Once the Lendistry account update has been processed, you can proceed with
updating the bank account on Amazon. You will be required to confirm that your
Lendistry and Amazon bank accounts match and are re-linked before the update
becomes effective.

## Pay off a loan from Lendistry

To pay off your Lendistry financing, you can either make a payment through
[MyLendistry](https://amazon.mylendistry.com/auth/sign-in?app=/dashboard) or
email [servicing@lendistry.com](mailto:servicing@lendistry.com). Include your
loan number in the email with a requested payoff date. Lendistry will provide
a payoff statement and instructions for wiring payment.

## Impact to your credit score

Applying for financing does not affect your credit score.

Your payment history with Lendistry will affect your personal credit score.

## Questions about financing with Lendistry

For questions about Lendistry, call (888) 216-6445. They are available Monday
through Friday from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. (ET).

