---
title: Amazon Devices: Fair Use and Compatibility Guidelines
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200500120
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you sell in the Amazon store, you must comply with all
federal, state, and local laws, as well as Amazon policies applicable to those
products and product listings.

To delight customers, we understand that Amazon sellers may wish to sell
accessories specifically for our Amazon devices, including but not limited to
Echo, Kindle, Fire, Ring, Blink, eero, Halo, Luna, and Astro (“the Amazon
Device Brands”).

You may refer to the Amazon device brands, but not the Amazon logo or other
Amazon-owned graphic or logo, to describe the non-Amazon product that you're
oﬀering as compatible with Amazon’s product, provided that:

  * Amazon trademarks cannot be part of the name of YOUR product. View a [non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GCX77V9988LUPMB2).
  * The Amazon trademarks are used in a referential phrase, such as "for use with," "for," or "compatible with."
  * The Amazon trademarks do not appear in the first word of the product title or description, or more prominently than your product name.
  * Your product is in fact intended for use or compatible with the specified Amazon product.
  * Any reference to Amazon, or its trademarks, does not mistakenly lead customers to believe that you or your product are endorsed, sponsored, or otherwise associated with Amazon, or our products or services.
  * Products may not use or suggest certification, such as “Works with Alexa,” on product detail pages unless they have actually been certiﬁed through the Works with Alexa program. To learn more about Works with Alexa certification, go to our [program page](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/alexa/devices/connected-devices/business-resources/works-with-alexa).

**Example** : Joe wants to design a unique cover that fits only a Kindle
device. He's naming it "Joe's Cover." Joe can use phrasing that explains that
his cover "fits Kindle," "is for Kindle," or "works with Kindle." Any of the
following would be acceptable: Joe's Cover fits Kindle devices, Joe's Cover
for Kindle, Joe's Cover works with Kindle products, Joe's Covers–available for
Kindle now!

**In contrast** : Joe should not claim, as examples, Amazon, Kindle, and
Kindle Paperwhite as part of his product name. Accordingly, the following
examples would be considered non-compliant: Joe's Kindle Cover, Kindle Cover
by Joe, JoeKindle Covers, among others.

##  Unauthorized use of Amazon trademarks

**Use or registration as trademarks or domain names** : You may not use or
register, in whole or in part, Amazon trademarks, including Amazon-owned
graphic symbols, logos, icons, or any other variations of these, in any
country worldwide.

**Logos, designs, and symbols** : You may not use the Amazon logo or any other
Amazon-owned graphic symbol, logo, or icon on or in connection with websites,
products, packaging, manuals, promotional and advertising materials, or for
any other purpose except pursuant to an express written trademark license from
Amazon.

**Variations, takeoffs, or abbreviations** : We do have a sense of humor.
However, phonetic equivalents, foreign language equivalents, takeoffs,
abbreviations, or variations of an Amazon trademark, even if clever, should
not be used for any purpose. Nor should our brands be combined with any other
non-Amazon brand.

## Consequences for policy violations

Violations of the fair use and compatibility guidelines policy for Amazon
devices may result in, but may not be limited to, the following actions:

  * Cancellation of the listing
  * Limits on listing privileges

In addition, Amazon may take additional action permitted under the [Amazon
Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791). Amazon reserves the
right to make judgments in its sole discretion about whether or not a listing
is compliant with this policy.

Seller violations can be tracked and resolved via the [Account Health
page](/performance/dashboard). For further assistance, you can also contact
[Selling Partner Support](/cu/contact-us?ref=xx_ContactUs_xxxx_helphub).

## Report a policy violation

Amazon encourages you to report listings that may violate our policies or any
applicable law from the [Account Health page](/performance/dashboard). Select
[Report abuse](/abuse-submission/index.html) and be sure to include all
relevant information so that we can conduct a thorough investigation.

