---
title: Amazon Lending term and interest-only loan payments
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GDXL4E8J38VWGCBJ
section: General Documentation
---

## Amazon payments

Amazon payments works as follows: The first statement will post one month from
the date your loan was approved. If your loan was approved on the 29th, 30th,
or 31st of the month, then your statement date will be the 1st of the
following month. On this day, your loan statement will post, and payment will
be automatically set up in Seller Central to be paid out of your next
settlement.

## Make an extra payment toward the loan

Additional loan payments can be made through the **Scheduled Payment Details**
tab on your Amazon Lending page. This is found in Seller Central under
**Reports** , followed by **Payments** , and then **Lending**. Click the loan
number for detailed information. The **Scheduled Payment Details** widget will
appear on the right-hand side of the page. You can then make an additional
principal payment through **Withhold from Next Settlement** by adding the
amount you would like to be taken from the disbursement. However, you cannot
pay off a loan through the **Withhold from Next Settlement** option.

## Make an ACH payment

A manual Automatic Clearing House (ACH) loan payment can be made within the
**Scheduled Payment Details** widget. Click **Make a payment from your bank
account on file** and enter the amount that you would like to pay towards your
loan.

## Switch to a bi-weekly billing cycle

To switch to bi-weekly repayments, access **Reports** in Seller Central,
followed by **Payments** , and then **Lending**. Click the loan number to see
the loan detail page. On the bottom right-hand side of the loan detail page,
select **Change Billing Plan**. Once you have opted for bi-weekly repayments,
you cannot change back to the monthly repayment frequency for this loan.

**Note:** If you have a loan repayment pending, the bi-weekly repayment
schedule will not come into effect until the next statement cycle.

## Deactivate ACH payments

To deactivate ACH loan payments, access **Reports** in Seller Central,
followed by **Payments** , and then **Lending**. Click the loan number and go
to **Scheduled Payment Details** where you will see **Automatic ACH payments
(Enrolled)**. Click **Deactivate**. When ACH is deactivated, the automatic
loan payments will only be deducted from your seller disbursement.

## Pay by check

Check payments will take a minimum of two weeks to process. Mail all check
payments to:

ACP Special Projects, Attn: Amazon Capital Services â€“ Lending, 2646 Rainier
Ave. South, Suite 1020, Seattle, WA 98144.

To ensure the check payment is processed in a timely manner, send Amazon
Lending the check details- check number, dollar amount, sending organization,
delivery tracking details and loan number to [amazon-
lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-lending@amazon.com).

## Pay by a wire transfer

Wire payments may take up to two weeks to process. Send all wire payments to:
Wells Fargo, 420 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94104, Attention: Amazon
Services, LLC.

Account Number: 9832247960

Routing Number: 121000248

To ensure the wire payment is processed in a timely manner, send Amazon
Lending the wire details- date Amazon Lending should expect the wire, dollar
amount, sending organization, loan number and delivery tracking details to
[amazon-lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-lending@amazon.com).

## ACH payment posting

If you submitted a manual ACH payment from your bank account before the loan
payment was due, the system applied it as an **Additional Principal Payment**.
There must be a loan payment pending to have an ACH payment applied as a loan
payment. If you want to pay a loan payment via ACH payment, you must wait
until the interest is applied to the loan and submit the ACH payment before
the first disbursement following the statement date.

## Payment from a non-US bank account

Amazon Lending does not accept payments from banks located outside of the U.S.

## Refinance loan and current loan payoff

A refinancing loan will first be applied to pay off the outstanding principal
balance, accrued interest, and any other unpaid fees on any existing Amazon
loans. The net proceeds of the refinancing loan is then disbursed to your
seller account.

## Pay off a loan

To make an ACH payoff payment from your bank account on file, access
**Reports** in Seller Central, followed by **Payments** , and then
**Lending**. Click the loan number to see your loan detail page. You can then
make the ACH payment from the **Scheduled Payment Details** widget on the
right-hand side of the page.

## Remove the UCC lien

The Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) lien cannot be removed until your Amazon
loan has a $0 balance.

