---
title: Amazon Custom: Product option configurations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202124210
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** To access the Amazon Custom tools, you must be approved via
[this application](/customization/manageCustomRegistration), and your listings
must be active.

Product configuration and options drop-down menus allow customers to build
their own product based on selections that you provide in Seller Central.

To get started, make sure that customization is enabled for your product:  

  1. From the listing page, click the product details tab and select **Yes** for the question **Does your product have customization?**
  2. Enter your custom product details on the customization tab.

You can also access the customization listing page from Manage Inventory. From
the **Edit** drop-down menu for the product, select **Add/edit
customization**.

**Note:** If you don’t see this option, you may not be registered for the
program. To register, go to [Amazon Custom](/gp/help/201757520).

## Configuration types

Amazon Custom offers both pre-defined options and free-form option drop-down
menus so that you can create the best shopping experience for your custom
products. Each product type will have a set of pre-defined options as well as
five free-form options.

The pre-defined options comprise the most popular customization options for
the specific product type. These options are standardized to help streamline
the listing process and are ideal for improving the discoverability of your
products and the customer experience.

Free-form drop-down options are determined by you, for options other than
those that are pre-defined for the specific product type. These options
provide flexibility for listing creative and unique products. We recommend
using free-form options only for attributes that can't be offered by using
pre-defined options.

## Configure options for your listing

To configure options for your listing, follow these steps:

  1. **Enter a label and upload a preview image:** This label is used only to help you organize your customizations and won't be shown to customers. The preview image is the image on which customers will apply customizations. The preview image must be square, with a minimum of 400 x 400 pixels in JPEG or PNG format and a maximum size of 3MB.

  2. **Add surfaces (if applicable)** by clicking the **Add surface** button. Surfaces represent the specific area of the product where customers can apply customizations. You're allowed up to five surfaces with 10 customizations per surface. Surfaces are available only for select product types.

  3. **Upload a clipping mask (optional):** Clipping masks allow you to define areas of your preview that shouldn't be covered by images that the customer uploads. For example, if you sell a phone case and you masked both the background and camera hole, the image that the customer uploads will appear as if it were perfectly cut in the shape of the case, leaving the background and camera hole intact.

  4. **Add a customization type:** Scroll to the bottom of the page and select **Add customization**. You can choose from pre-determined options specific to the product type, free-form options, images, text, numbers, or data. You can configure different pricing or preview overlays for the options, and you can combine customization types, for example, text with options.
     * **Add pre-determined options specific to product type:** Select one of the configuration options that are provided for the product type and click **Add customization**. This configuration lets customers choose among different variations.
     * **Add free-form options drop-down menus:** In the **Customization type** pop-up box, select **Option dropdown** and click **Add customization**. These options are determined by you and can be used if the pre-defined options aren't sufficient.

  5. **Specify whether selecting an option is required** before the customer adds the product to their cart, if applicable. If the choice of an option isn't required, we'll automatically generate a **None** option that is pre-selected for customers so that they aren't required to pick an option.

  6. **Specify a label** for this customization. This label won't be displayed to the customer. You can include additional instructions for each customization.

  7. **Specify an option name** for this customization. This name will be displayed to the customer.

  8. **Assign an incremental price amount (optional):** You can specify that some options that a customer can select will cost more than other options. If you do this, the price of your product will be adjusted automatically when the customer selects the option, before the item is added to the cart. Customers can see this dynamically adjusted amount next to the drop-down option in the customization window. This feature is available only for **List of options** and is next to the name field within a customization type.

  9. **Upload an image for each option drop-down choice (optional):** These images will render dynamically over your main preview image, which you uploaded before selecting your customization type. For more information, go to the "Option imagery" section below.

  10. **Upload a thumbnail image for each option drop-down choice (optional):** These images will render dynamically over your main preview image, which you uploaded before selecting your customization type. For more information, go to the "Option imagery" section below. 

  11. Once you’ve added all necessary surfaces, customizations, fonts, colors, and optional clipping mask images, click **Preview** to see an interactive copy of what the customized product will look like on Amazon.

  12. Once you're done entering customization information, click **Publish** in the bottom right-hand corner of the page to publish the product to Amazon. This process can take up to 24 hours.

For information on viewing image customization orders, go to [Fulfill Amazon
Custom orders](/gp/help/201822830).

## Option imagery

Option imagery is key to building customer trust and helps to provide a proof
of the product before purchase. Thumbnail and options images allow customers
to see how the options that they choose would affect their finished product.

To achieve the best visual preview experience, upload a transparent PNG that
overlays the preview image. For example, the ring below is the preview image:

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Base-Image.png)

**Note:** These overlay images are optional when setting up your configuration
listing. If your option drop-down menus don’t require a visual representation
(such as inseam, height, or shape), then no image is needed.

If you want to allow the customer to choose among platinum (shown), gold, and
rose gold, upload a PNG with a transparent background to overlay the base
image and dynamically change the color of the ring for the customer. In the
buyer preview window, the customer will be able to choose among the colors to
see what the product will look like.

**Transparent PNG uploaded in Seller Central:**

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Setting_Platinum.png)
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Setting_Gold.png)
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Setting_Rose.png)

**What the customer sees in the buyer preview:**

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Diamond_Platinum.png)
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Diamond_Gold.png)
![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Diamond_Rose.png)

To ensure proper alignment of your option images over your preview image, both
are required to be a minimum of 400 x 400 pixels. If you don’t have the
ability to create these images, you can create thumbnails of each option that
will display in the order form, enabling customers to highlight their choice.

**Example:** The images below show the preview image on the left and that same
image with green highlights around the customer’s selections on the right.

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Form/Default-
Image.png) ![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Custom/SellerCentral/Configuration/Form/Finished-
Example.png)

The image on the left is what the customer would see before making their
selections. The image on the right shows the customer what they selected from
the drop-down menu by highlighting that specific option. Each of those green
boxes on the right-hand image is a separate transparent PNG that renders based
on the customer’s selection.

This example would require 11 PNGs, one for each drop-down option. The green
boxes were used as an example and aren't a requirement.

**Note:** To learn about how customers can personalize your product by
uploading their own images, go to [Amazon Custom: Product
personalization](/gp/help/G202124170).

