---
title: Amazon Brand Name policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ
section: General Documentation
---

The Amazon Brand Name policy requires sellers to accurately represent a
product’s brand name. The policy clarifies the difference between branded
products and products that are generic.

## What is considered a brand on Amazon?

Amazon considers a brand to be a name that represents a product or set of
products. Products from the same brand share a common name, logo, or other
identifying mark that appears on the product or packaging, and are
distinguished from similar products that don’t belong to that brand.

For example, the Amazon Essentials brand has a number of products under it,
including shirts, sunglasses, and watches. All Amazon Essentials products must
have “Amazon Essentials” as the brand name, regardless of the ASIN title or
seller.

The brand name (also known as brand value) is a field on the product listing
page. This value is entered when adding a new product. The brand value must
match the name of the brand on the product and not be a product type or
product description. It is important that accurate information is provided to
ensure a positive customer experience.

A brand name can’t be an ASIN’s SKU, a description of the ASIN, or any other
name that isn’t reflected on the branded products or packaging. Branding on
products and packaging must be permanently affixed, which means it can’t be
easily removed. If you have a registered or pending trademark for your brand,
you can enroll in [Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/). Brand
Registry enrollment allows you to list ASINs with your brand’s name as the
brand value.

The misrepresentation of an ASIN’s brand is prohibited. For example, you
cannot use “Amaz0nEssent!al$” as your ASIN’s brand value if you’re trying to
add an Amazon Essentials product.

## Changes to an ASIN's brand name

Minor corrections can be made such as fixing typos, capitalization, and issues
with legal abbreviations. To make minor corrections, contact [Selling Partner
Support](/hz/contact-us), select **Brand – update** as issue type, complete
and submit the form.

## Generic products

Generic products are unbranded products that don’t belong to any identifiable
brand. An unbranded product doesn’t have a distinctive name or logo. For
example, a smartphone case that doesn’t belong to a brand would have no
branding. Thus, the correct brand name value for the ASIN would be ‘generic’.

  * The use of another brand’s intellectual property in your generic product listing, or the listing of a branded product as generic, are violations of our listing policies.
  * If you’re creating a new generic product that doesn’t have a unique identifier, such as a UPC or GTIN, you must first request a GTIN exemption in the desired store and product category. To make a request, go to [List products that do not have a product ID (UPC, EAN, JAN or ISBN)](/gp/help/G200426310). You must request this approval for each product category and store in which you want to create a new generic product without any product identifier.

For more information, go to [Amazon Generic Product
policy](/gp/help/G84H3T69ZX762NWT).

## Error codes when you try to create or update an ASIN

If you see error code 5664, 5665, or 5668, it’s because you are trying to
create an ASIN with a brand name that has not been approved by Amazon. To
resolve any of these listing issues, you must submit an application with
certain documentation. For more information, go to [Brand name approval
requirements and issue resolution](/help/hub/reference/G4LKBB2T7Q78CJRU).

If you see error code 5995, it’s because you are trying to update the brand
name but aren’t approved to do so. For more information, go to [Error
5995](/help/hub/reference/GPTQ2W7MDYJMPB97).

**Note:** Products that are part of the Books, Music, Video, DVD, or Digital
categories don’t require a brand value, unbranded or otherwise. The brand name
can be left blank when you create an ASIN. For more information, go to [What
does 'BMVD' mean](/help/hub/reference/G200384340)? For information on bundles
with more than one branded product, go to [Product Bundling
policy](/help/hub/reference/G200442350). To learn more, go to[ Product detail
page rules](/help/hub/reference/G200390640) and [Amazon Brand
Registry](/help/hub/reference/G202130410), and watch [Intro to listing
products](/learn/courses?ref_=SUTestClient&moduleId=4e1a71e7-388e-49ad-9752-866786639586&courseId=ae366239-3501-4608-b209-e7090ffbe1ab).

