---
title: Amazon Business Metrics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202141920
section: General Documentation
---

Use the Amazon Business metrics to track your performance on Business to
Business (B2B) orders and to check the status of your Business Seller badge. A
B2B order refers to an order placed by a buyer registered with Amazon
Business.

##  Business Seller badge

The Business Seller badge allows business buyers to identify sellers that meet
the high standards of Amazon Business. The badge is displayed next to your
offers on product detail pages, your seller profile page, and other Amazon
places the seller name appears on Amazon Business. It is also available as a
search refinement for business buyers. Check your badge status on the [Amazon
Business metrics page](/business/metrics/).

Business sellers must meet a performance bar that is higher than that of
marketplace and other requirements to qualify for Business Seller badge.

Meet these performance metrics to earn a Business Seller badge:

  * A Professional selling plan
  * Minimum of 1 B2B order in the last 90 days
  * Low Order Defect Rate on B2B orders (less than 0.5%)
  * Low pre-fulfillment cancellation rate on B2B orders (less than 1%)
  * Low late shipment rate on B2B orders (less than 2%)
  * Must be enrolled in [Amazon Tax Exemption Program](/gp/help/201641810/) (ATEP), if collecting tax in at least one region
  * Include a packing slip with every B2B order package
  * Include purchase order number with every B2B order package when provided by the customer
  * Valid tracking number on B2B order shipments (valid tracking rate greater than 97.5%)
  * No product authenticity complaints in the last 180 days
  * No product safety complaints in the last 180 days
  * Provide required profile information (about, location, year established, and number of employees)

The Business Seller badge is automatically granted once you meet these
performance requirements. The badge is automatically revoked if you don’t meet
one or more of these performance requirements.

**Note:** You must wait 180 days before you are reassessed for badge
eligibility. Your badge status will change to at-risk if your performance gets
closer to metric thresholds.

##  Order Defect Rate

Amazon Business Order Defect Rate (ODR), which is represented as a percentage,
is the number of B2B orders with a defect (defined below) divided by the
number of B2B orders in the relevant time period.

A B2B order has a defect if it earns negative feedback, an A-to-z Guarantee
claim that is not denied, or a service credit card chargeback.

There are 3 components of ODR:

#### Negative feedback:

The Negative Feedback Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of B2B
orders that have received negative feedback divided by the number of orders in
the relevant period. This metric is order-correlated, meaning we look at the
date of the order (not the date on which the feedback was received) when
calculating the rate.

#### A-to-z Guarantee claims:

The A-to-z Guarantee Claim Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of
B2B orders that have received an A-to-z Guarantee claim divided by the number
of B2B orders in the relevant period. When calculating the A-to-z Guarantee
Claim Rate, we consider all claims – in any status – that buyers have filed.

#### Chargeback claims:

The Chargeback Claims Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of B2B
orders that have received a service credit card chargeback divided by the
number of B2B orders in the relevant period. The metric is order-correlated,
meaning we look at the date of order (not the date on which the chargeback was
received) when calculating the rate.

##  Cancellation Rate

The Amazon Business Cancellation Rate is the number of seller-fulfilled B2B
orders canceled by the seller prior to ship-confirmation divided by the number
of seller-fulfilled B2B orders in the relevant time period. When calculating
this metric, we consider all order cancellations initiated by the seller for
any reason.

##  Late Shipment Rate

The Amazon Business Late Shipment Rate is the number of seller-fulfilled B2B
orders with a ship confirmation that is completed after the expected ship date
divided by the number of seller-fulfilled B2B orders in the relevant time
period.

It is important to confirm the shipment of orders by the expected ship date so
that customers can see the status of their shipped orders online. Orders that
are shipped late might lead to increased claims, negative feedback, or
customer contacts and can negatively impact customer experience.

##  Valid Tracking Rate

Amazon’s Business customers count on being able to find their orders and to
know when they can expect to receive them. The Amazon Business Valid Tracking
Rate is a performance metric that reflects those expectations. It is the
number of packages you ship with a valid tracking number divided by the total
number of packages you’ve shipped and confirmed.

