---
title: Amazon Renewed for United States
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201648580
section: General Documentation
---

##  What is Amazon Renewed?

On Amazon Renewed, you can sell high-quality refurbished, pre-owned, and open-
box products to millions of Amazon customers worldwide. All products on Amazon
Renewed must be tested and certified to work and look new. Only sellers that
maintain a high quality and performance bar can offer refurbished, pre-owned,
and open-box products on Amazon Renewed. For a full list of items allowed in
the Renewed program, see [Amazon Renewed Program
Policies](/gp/help/GZZVY5QX4DZHWHSW).

#### How do I contact Amazon Renewed Selling Partner Support?

For any Renewed item issues, you can create a case or [Contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA). Ensure your language settings are in English to
contact the team.

##  How to apply for Amazon Renewed?

To be considered to sell Renewed items, review the category requirements
below. If you meet the requirements, click
[here](https://services.amazon.com/renewed.html) to apply. We will review your
request and if you meet the requirements, we will reach out with an onboarding
email. We aim to review all applications within 10 days of submission and
respond accordingly. However, note that application processing times may vary
due to several factors. To check the status of your application, you can
contact Amazon Selling Partner Support through _Contact us_.

To apply for Amazon Renewed, you must meet the following criteria:

  1. Products must be inspected, cleaned, repaired (if applicable), and tested by a manufacturer or a specialized third-party refurbisher to function and look like new.

  2. If you are a manufacturer/brand owner, provide trademark documentation or proof of registration in the Amazon Brand Registry Program.

  3. If you are a reseller or distributor, provide paid Invoices meeting below criteria: 
     * Invoices showing a minimum total value of $50,000 in qualifying refurbished purchases in the previous 90 days from the date of the application. 
     * If you intend to offer products related to Home, Tools, or Lawn & Garden, Kitchen, invoices must show a minimum total of $50,000 in qualifying refurbished purchases in the previous 180 days.
     * If you intend to offer Apple branded items, you must provide invoices showing a minimum total value of $2.5 million in qualifying Apple refurbished purchases in the previous 90 days from the date of the application. 
     * Please note that all invoices must be itemized with brand/model information of the purchased goods.
     * Items with a selling price of $15.00 or less do not count toward the refurbished units. You may black-out either the unit or dollar amount on the invoices, but not both. 

  4. Provide sample product and packaging images: 
     * You have to submit a minimum of 8 images of a sample unit for product from all sides, If you have an item with a screen: product with the screen turned on) and packaging (product inside the box, box in which the product will ship, inside packaging and padding.) 
     * For Apple products, include image of accessories with visible brand name or logo. Please note that images must be supplied from the product you intend to sell with Amazon Renewed. We may decline an application if images provided are not real or copied from the internet.

  5. You will meet and adhere to the [Amazon Renewed Quality](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.dev/gp/help/G202190320) for all of your Renewed products. 

  6. If you are an existing seller on Amazon, or once you start selling on Amazon, you have an Order Defect Rate (ODR) of 0.8% or less in the trailing 60 days.

## How to apply for Amazon Renewed Premium?

To be considered to sell Renewed Premium items (US only), review the category
requirements. If you meet the requirements, reach out to us at [renewed
premium application](mailto:renewed-premium-application@amazon.com) and
mention that you would like to apply to the Renewed Premium tier. We will
review your request reach out to you with an onboarding email, usually within
10 business days, if you meet the requirements.

To apply for Amazon Renewed Premium, you must meet all the of the Renewed
program criteria above. In addition, you must meet these criteria:

  * If you are an existing seller on Amazon Renewed, you have a trailing 13 weeks (T13W) Negative Reviews over Orders (NRO) of 0.45% or less, and a Product Quality Returns Rate (PQRR) of 5.2% or less at the account level.
  * You can supply evidence that you are the brand owner or you are authorized by the brand to refurbish and resell the products you intend to offer under the Renewed Premium tier.
  * Your packaging meets the guidelines outlined in the Renewed Premium Quality policy (OEM or renewed-approved through our packaging partner). 
  * Provide evidence of ownership of an approved testing software, such as software invoice or test reports from last 14 days. This is applicable for wireless and personal computer categories only.
  * You are willing and able to offer your Renewed Premium products using Prime channels only (Fulfilled by Amazon or Seller Fulfilled Prime).
  * You can meet and adhere to the [Amazon Renewed Quality](/gp/help/G202190320).

To apply for Amazon Renewed Premium, you must be approved to sell standard
Renewed items and meet the Renewed Premium requirements outlined in Appendix D
on the _[Amazon Renewed Quality
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G202190320)_.
If you meet these requirements, email our Selling Partner Support team
[here](mailto:sesu-us-mat-ecm-reg-std-eng-crf@amazon.com) or submit contact
case to Renewed Seller Support team from Seller Central.

â€¢ Note that application processing times for Premium may vary due to several
variables. We will review your application request and reach out if more
information is needed or application decision is made. To check the status of
your application, you can contact Amazon Selling Partner Support through the
_Contact us case_.

## Do I need to get separate approvals to sell on Amazon's North American
stores?

When you are approved to sell Renewed in US you are automatically approved to
sell Renewed product in Canada and Mexico.

If you are approved for Renewed in either Canada or Mexico and would like to
sell Renewed product in the US, you will have to apply through the Renewed
application page for US [here](https://services.amazon.com/renewed.html)

## Why am I not able to list my products on Amazon Renewed?

You must be approved to sell certified refurbished products. If you are
approved, and still unable to sell, you can contact Amazon Selling Partner
Support.

