---
title: Amazon Launchpad Program Terms
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202007390
section: General Documentation
---

These Amazon Launchpad ("LP") program terms are incorporated into your Seller
Agreement, including the Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement ("BSA").
Your Seller Agreement will supersede these program terms unless the terms
explicitly state that it intends to override your Seller Agreement in the
event of a conflict. As used in these program term, "we," "us," and "Amazon"
means the applicable Amazon Contracting Party and any of its applicable
Affiliates.

#### Eligibility

Invitations to participate are extended to sellers with Professional accounts
who have listed their products in Amazon’s online store in the US for less
than two years and who offer products that are sought by Amazon customers.
Qualifying brands have substantial social media following, capital support,
and demonstrate a commitment to invest in their own growth. Amazon reserves
the right to determine seller eligibility in LP.

#### Program Participation

When selected to join the program, sellers are automatically enrolled into LP.
Sellers will be notified via email, and will have access to the full suite of
program benefits. Sellers have the ability to voluntarily leave the program
any time.

#### Program benefits

LP is a supplemental program designed to help jumpstart and accelerate your
Amazon business. Our mission is to support entrepreneurs and startups that
create, sell, and deliver innovative products to Amazon customers. We offer
benefits such as onboarding guidance, training materials, and product
discoverability support to help your business maximize its success in Amazon’s
store. Participation in LP does not guarantee access to marketing events or
other programs.

#### Minimum Commitment and Right to Cancel

A 12-month minimum commitment is recommended from the date of enrollment.
Participation in LP shall not exceed 36 consecutive months from enrollment
date.

A seller may permanently cancel their participation in LP at any time by
opening an LP Benefit Support case. LP reserves the right to transition
sellers out of the program at our discretion. Once a seller leaves or is
transitioned out of the program, they are ineligible from re-joining LP.

#### Participation in LP Marketing Events

LP brands are required to hit our minimum customer experience bar. These
criteria include: (1) products must maintain at least 4+ stars (except new
ASINs with zero reviews), (2) sellers must be enrolled in Fulfilled by Amazon
(FBA) with Prime Badging, and (3) inventory must maintain at least five units.
These criteria ensure the best experience for our customers when browsing
Amazon Launchpad products. Participation in Launchpad Marketing Benefits is
not guaranteed if ASINs meet these criteria.

#### Additional marketing assets

You grant Amazon the right to collect, modify, and display your product or
brand images in connection with the LP program for marketing purposes in
accordance with the license granted in the BSA. You confirm that you are the
owner of your product or brand images or otherwise have the right to authorize
their use by Amazon.

#### Additional terms

Amazon may in its sole discretion waive the requirements for LP or waive,
suspend, or terminate any feature of LP or terminate your participation in LP
at any time. If your participation in LP is terminated, you will no longer
have access to LP services including the LP logo.

If you are already enrolled in the program, you can get in touch with us in
[Brand Portal](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gc/launchpad).

