---
title: Amazon’s A-to-z Guarantee claims
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G27951
section: General Documentation
---

The Amazon A-to-z Guarantee ensures that customers have a consistent
experience when making purchases across the Amazon store. The A-to-z Guarantee
is provided for orders directly fulfilled by you and covers both the timely
delivery and the condition of items once received. If a customer is not fully
satisfied with an order, it's in everyone’s best interest if you're able to
resolve the issue directly with the customer using [Buyer-Seller
Messages](/gp/help/200389080) and timely authorization and response to a
[return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW). Resolving issues directly with
the customer, before a claim is filed, protects your [order defect
rate](/gp/help/G200285170).

**Note:** The A-to-z Guarantee does not limit, restrict or modify any consumer
right or remedy that a customer may have under law.

**Note:** For information about A-to-z Guarantee claims covering property
damage or personal injury caused by a defective product, go to [A-to-z Claims
Process for Property Damage and Personal Injury](/gp/help/GTY6NYZDFD5CENYH).
For more information about fashion item-specific return policies, go to [Free
returns of fashion items for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/GEKBRFKQE38CQA6V).

**Important:** The A-to-z Guarantee policy is different for Amazon Pay
transactions. You can review the [Amazon A-to-z Guarantee for
Merchants](https://pay.amazon.com/us/help/201212410) on the Amazon Pay
website.

## Before a claim can be filed

Customers must first contact you and give you an opportunity to resolve their
issue, except in certain situations identified in the **Instant customer
refunds** section below, in order to become eligible to file an A-to-z
Guarantee claim:

  * **Item has not been received by the customer:** If the customer has an issue with delivery, Amazon directs the customer to use [Buyer-Seller Messages](/gp/help/200389080) to alert you of the issue. For delivery-related issues, the customer must also wait 3 days past the maximum estimated delivery date (EDD) before they are eligible to file a claim.
  * **Item does not meet customer expectation:** If the customer has an issue with the condition of the item, Amazon directs the customer to file a [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW) to alert you of the issue.

You then have to take the action described below to resolve the issue raised
by the customer:

  * **Item has not been received by customer** : If the customer has an issue with delivery, you must respond to their message in [Buyer-Seller Messages](/gp/help/200389080) and attempt to resolve the issue to the customer's satisfaction within 48 hours of when the customer's first message was sent. The customer will be eligible to file a claim after this 48-hour period and the expiration of three days after the maximum estimated delivery date, if you have not resolved the issue to the customer's satisfaction. 

  * **Item does not meet customer expectation** : If the customer raises a [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW), you must authorize or respond to that request within 48 hours with a valid domestic return address or a prepaid return label. It's best practice to respond within 24 hours. 

Customer eligibility criteria for filing a claim:

    * You did not authorize or respond to the [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW) within the 48-hour period. You can monitor your return requests in [Manage Returns](/gp/help/G200708210) on Seller Central. To authorize a return request, you must select **Authorize request** for the order that the customer has contacted you about. If you do not want to authorize the return, you must still respond to the customer and tell them why you are denying their [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW).
    * You closed the return request or authorized it with a prepaid return label that had invalid tracking.
    * You authorized the return request with an [international return address](/gp/help/G201468550) but failed to provide a prepaid return label. You must either edit the return authorization and upload a prepaid return label with valid tracking, or issue a full refund within five days of receiving the return request.

## After a claim is filed

After a claim is filed, there are four possible outcomes:

  * **You choose to provide a full refund:** You can issue a full refund to the customer by clicking **Refund customer** as the investigation is under progress and the claim will be closed. This will impact your order defect rate. If you issue a refund to the customer, you may choose to request that the customer return the item before you process the refund. 
  * **Amazon investigates the claim:** Amazon investigates the claim and determines whether to grant the claim in favor of the customer. We consider several factors in our claims investigations, including your response (if any) on [Buyer-Seller Messages](/gp/help/200389080) or your authorization of a [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW). During this process, Amazon may ask you for additional information (go to [Respond to an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/1781)) and to recount your version of events. It's important for you to provide as much additional, relevant, and compelling information about the transaction.If you do not respond to our information request within 72 hours, Amazon may grant the claim in favor of the customer, which will impact your order defect rate.  You can monitor your order defect rate using the Account Health page. 
  * **The claim is automatically granted:** Amazon will automatically grant the claim and debit the claim amount from your account in the following circumstances:
    * You did not respond to the customer's delivery-related issue within 48 hours via [Buyer-Seller Messages](/gp/help/200389080). 
    * You did not authorize or respond to the customer's product-related issue within 48 hours via the customer's [return request](/gp/help/G9DH343PLXALFTUW).
    * You authorized the return request with an international return address but, (a) failed to provide a prepaid return label, or (b) failed to agree to a returnless refund, within 5 days of receiving the return request.
    * You did not ship the order by the [expected ship date](/gp/help/200285190).
    * You did not use a trackable shipping method, and you failed to provide a valid order tracking ID in [Manage Orders](/orders-v3) when the customer's order was placed.
    * You did not deliver the order by the maximum estimated delivery date.
    * The tracking you provided shows that the order is undeliverable.
    * You did not deliver the order to the address provided by the customer.
    * The item was returned using a prepaid return shipping label and you failed to issue a refund within 5 days of receiving the return.
    * The item was returned using a prepaid return shipping label and the return was lost in transit.
    * The item was returned using a prepaid return shipping label, and the return is either undeliverable or being returned to sender due to an outdated or incorrect return address provided by you.
  * **Claim is withdrawn by the customer:** The customer withdraws the claim and the claim is closed, with no impact to your order defect rate.

## Instant customer refunds

Amazon may grant a claim in the customer's favor without the customer needing
to contact you, under the following circumstances:  

  1. **Tracking shows that the package is returning to you:** If the tracking shows that the item was undeliverable to the customer or refused, and we receive tracking information indicating that the package is returning to you, we will automatically refund the customer and debit your account for the claim amount. It does not impact your account health or order defect rate (ODR).
  2. **Tracking shows that you have not shipped the package when the customer files the claim with Amazon:** If you have not shipped the package when the customer files the claim with Amazon, or you have not confirmed the shipment on Seller Central, we will automatically refund the customer and debit your account for the claim amount. This will impact your account health and order defect rate (ODR).
  3. **You closed your seller account** on Amazon while you had existing orders to fulfil, or the customer experienced a delivery or product related issue with their order.
  4. **Your selling account was deactivated** while you had existing orders to fulfil or the customer experienced a delivery or product related issue with their order. This will impact your account health and order defect rate (ODR).

## Notification of claim submission

You'll receive email notification when a customer files a claim. You can also
track claims filed by customers by navigating to the [Manage A-to-z
claims](/gp/guarantee-claims/home.html) page in [your seller
account](/gp/homepage.html) in the **Performance** menu. You are responsible
for monitoring and resolving your claims.

**Note:** You can also use [this](/gp/guarantee-
claims/home.html/ref=xx_azclaims_dnav_home#/) quick link to monitor claims
status by entering a claims related order ID.

## Getting products back from customers

If you would like to request a product back from the customer who filed a
claim, you can do so using the [Buyer-Seller Messages](/gp/help/200389080)
within Seller Central. Providing a pre-paid return label with valid tracking
will help the customer return the item and ensure that you have visibility to
track the return. For more information about the return policies, go to
[Manage seller-fulfilled returns](/gp/help/G200708210).

##  Requesting reversal of refunds to customers

If you would like to have a refund reversed that you issued to a customer for
any reason (such as a delayed order gets delivered and the customer accepts
the order), you have to request that the customer initiate the reversal in
Buyer-Seller Messages. The customer will need go to the **Problem with order**
page for the order, or inform Amazon customer service to reverse the refund of
the claim. Where a customer has agreed to late delivery, or a replacement in
Buyer-Seller Messages, ask them to initiate the reverse refund process. Amazon
cannot reverse a customer refund for seller-fulfilled orders, without the
customer's affirmative consent.

## Appeal a granted claim

If Amazon grants a claim in favor of a customer (automatically or post
investigation), you have 30 calendar days to appeal, provide new information,
and request further investigation. Amazon will re-investigate claim, using all
available information (including new information provided) and may request
additional information from you, or you may provide additional information
during the appeal process. Following investigation on appeal we will decide
whether or not to reverse the initial decision, in whole or in part (this may
include reversing impact to your ODR or reimbursing you for the refund
amount). If you do not appeal within 30 calendar days, the claim will be
closed and any negative impact to your ODR cannot be reversed. For more
information, go to [Appeal an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/G202041210).

