---
title: Amazon Handmade: Expand your Handmade business to other regions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G7TEMLUGAH27UDS9
section: General Documentation
---

When you apply to sell in the Handmade store, you are automatically approved
to sell in the countries for the region you are applying in, where Handmade is
offered. Handmade stores are available in the following regions and countries:

  * **North America** : United States of America, Canada, and Mexico
  * **Europe** : United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain

Once your application to sell in Handmade is accepted in one region, you can
extend your reach to other regions. You will not need to seek approval to
extend to other regions – your current approval can be extended from one
region to the next with a few small steps.

If you would like to extend your approval to sell in Handmade from North
America to Europe, you have two choices: registering for a new account or
adding Handmade to your existing European selling account.

## Registering for a new Account

Follow these steps to register for a new account:  

  1. Go to [Add a European Seller Account to Start Selling on Amazon Handmade in Europe](/handmade/registration/sell-in-other-region/eu/).
  2. Select a primary European country (United Kingdom, Germany, France, Spain, or Italy) and click **Register Now**.
  3. Complete the registration process as if you were a new seller, ensuring that you are using the same email address as your North American selling account.
  4. Once you have been approved to sell in Europe, your accounts will be linked by us.

##  Adding Handmade to an existing European selling account

**Note:** Your items listed in Handmade will not be purchasable unless you
have a Professional Selling Plan enabled on your account. Please verify this
by logging into your European selling account and go to your My Services page,
where you will find a section for **Sell On Amazon**. This should say
“Professional” for all marketplaces. If it does not, click the link provided
for details on how to upgrade your Selling Plan.

  

  1. Go to [Add a European Seller Account to Start Selling on Amazon Handmade in Europe](/handmade/registration/sell-in-other-region/eu/).
  2. Click the box next to **I already have a Professional European Selling Account**. 
  3. Click **Add Handmade to my European Account**.
  4. You should see an Amazon Handmade option under **You can sign up for**. Click the radio button next to this option.
  5. Click **Register**.

**Note:** You can verify your accounts have been linked by reviewing the
**Your Services** section on the [Seller Account
Information](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/hz/sc/account-information) page,
where you should note that you are registered for Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de,
Amazon.fr, Amazon.it, and Amazon.es.

  6. Create Your Maker Profile in each country you plan to sell your products in.

**Note:** Your Profile Image, Store Name, Storefront images, and your short
URL are automatically copied over. However, you are responsible for any
translations in the "Inspiration" and "About You" areas of your profile in
each country.

  7. Create your product listings in each country. Your product details will not be copied over from your original region.

**Important:** You are required to provide listing details such as, product
titles, descriptions, bullet points and customer support in the official
language of the selling country. For example, your listings in France must be
in the French language and you must respond to customer inquiries in French
for customers on Amazon.fr, or Spanish on Amazon.com.mx or Amazon.es, etc. For
additional information, go to [Important information for international
sellers](/gp/help/G200404870).

