---
title: Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (ACCS): FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200381250
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (ACCS) is an optional service that
utilizes Amazon’s bank service providers to enable the seamless conversion of
global proceeds directly to your local bank account.

## Are there any additional fees for using Amazon Currency Converter for
Sellers?

ACCS charges a tiered service fee based on your total global net proceeds
amount. To view this fee for a completed payment, go to the **Payments
Dashboard** within Seller Central, then hover over the **Final Disbursements
Amount** tooltip at the bottom of the screen. This will display the breakdown
of your ACCS service fee, your qualified fee percentage, the actual fee amount
collected in local currency, and the exchange rate applied by the bank service
provider to your transaction.

## What are the different tiers and fees for sellers using Amazon Currency
Converter?

Volume-based fees are based on the tier defined by a seller's total cross-
currency net proceeds during the trailing 12 months across all Amazon stores.
Cross-currency is determined by the Amazon store you are selling on (for
example, amazon.com, amazon.co.uk) and your registered entity location. If the
entity location is in a region using a currency that is different from the
store you are selling on, your net proceeds are considered cross-currency.
Tiers for sellers will be calculated monthly and automatically updated. The
higher your net proceeds, the lower your fee. Your total net proceeds are
calculated based on your total disbursed volume, whether you used ACCS or
other payment service providers in the past.

The different volume bands for each tier are outlined in the following table:

Only for Amazon.com:

Cross-currency Net Proceeds | Volume-based Fees (CNY only) | Volume-based Fees (other currencies besides CNY) | Volume-based Fees (receive USD to HK-based banks)  
---|---|---|---  
≥ USD 10M | 0.40% | 0.75% | 0.40%  
≥ USD 1M<10M | 0.50% | 1.00% | 0.50%  
≥ USD 500K<1M | 0.60% | 1.25% | 0.60%  
≥ USD 100K<500K | 0.70% | 1.50% | 0.70%  
< USD 100K | 0.90% | 1.50% | NA  
  
## Where are volume-based fees not available?

Volume-based fees are available for all Amazon stores supported by ACCS
globally, with the exception of the Amazon.com.br store. Sellers who are paid
in AED, CHF, MXN, and TWD can use ACCS at a flat rate of 1.5%, regardless of
tier. Seller who are paid in JPY can use ACCS at a flat rate of 2.0%. For a
full list of currencies supported by ACCS, go to [Countries, regions and
currencies supported by Amazon for disbursement](/gp/help/G200497780).

## Do my net proceeds include all my global accounts for volume-based fees?

Yes, when your global selling accounts are linked. You can go to Seller
Central and use the **Merging accounts** (Previously referred to as Linking
accounts) function to connect all your regional accounts, and we'll take care
of applying the lowest rate available on your business.

Example:

A Germany-based seller earned $500K on Amazon.com, $300k on Amazon.co.uk, and
$300k on Amazon.co.jp over the past 12 months. If the seller doesn't use
Merging accounts, we would offer the seller:

US: $500k -> 1.25%

UK: $300k -> 1.5%

Japan: $300k -> 1.5%

If the seller uses Linked Accounts, we'll lower the fee. This will save the
seller $5,500.

Total Net Proceeds (US+UK+Japan) = 1.1 MM -> 1.0%

If you have multiple Seller Central accounts and would like to benefit from
the volume-based fees, you will first need to merge your accounts. To add a
bank account in Seller Central, follow these steps:

  

  1. Go to **Settings** in Seller Central and select **Account info**.
  2. In the **Payment Information** section, select **Deposit Methods**.
  3. On the ****Deposit Methods**** page, select **Assign** in the section for the store you want to change.
  4. Select **Use a new bank account**.
  5. Fill in the requested bank account information with all fields completed accurately. Ensure that you read the terms and conditions of the Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers agreement, and then select the check box to confirm.
  6. Click **Submit**.

## Why are my identification or license numbers required for bank account
registration?

Certain countries or regions (including China) require additional identity
verification steps to comply with local regulations. If the information you
provide (such as national ID, business license, account holder name) is
invalid or does not match your bank’s records, your disbursement will be
rejected, and funds will return to your seller account. For sellers who want
to receive TWD disbursements, we require a valid phone number and email
address on your Seller Central account. We may share this data with our bank
service providers and your beneficiary bank, who may reach out to you for
further transaction validations.

## If I register a bank account located in a different country or region from
the store I am selling on, how will I be paid?

ACCS ensures that Amazon’s bank service providers convert all payments to the
currency related to the location of your bank.

For Amazon.com, US store only, if you have a USD denominated bank account
opened in Hong Kong, you can choose to receive your proceeds from
[Amazon.com](http://amazon.com/) in USD to your bank account. This service is
available to sellers who have cross-currency net proceeds greater than or
equal to USD 100K during the trailing 12 months across all Amazon stores. You
will be able to choose a currency denomination (HKD or USD) when bank location
'Hong Kong' is selected if you qualify for this service.

## How long does it take to receive my payment using Amazon Currency Converter
for Sellers?

Our average payment speed is 2-5 business days from the time payment is
initiated. Also, the first payment after you add or change bank account
details might be delayed up to 14 days due to mandatory account holds when
bank accounts are updated.

## What will appear on my bank statement when I receive payments from Amazon
Currency Converter for Sellers?

Depending on your bank, the payment will have one of the following names:
Amazon, HSBC, Souq, or Amazon and HSBC. Contact your bank if you need more
information.

## Which exchange rate will be applied to my payment?

Our bank service providers use the exchange rate of the day the transfer is
initiated. For failed disbursements, the daily exchange will be applied when
the disbursement is re-initiated.

## Why does the exchange rate used by Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers
not match the one I see in newspapers?

Exchange rates displayed on search engines, digital outlets or print media
typically reference inter-bank rates. Amazon works with bank service providers
to ensure that our sellers receive a competitive exchange rate. Before
executing your disbursements, you will be able to see live FX rates along with
seeing the actual FX rates applied to your settled disbursements. For
additional details, select your final disbursement amount to see a breakdown
of the FX rate that was applied and the ACCS fee.

## Can I choose the currency for my disbursements?

Typically, disbursements are made in the local currency of the country or
region where the bank account is located. For example, if your bank account is
located in the UK, then disbursements can only be made in GBP, even if your
bank account is capable of accepting deposits in both GBP and EUR.

For Amazon.com, US store only, if you have a USD denominated bank account
opened in Hong Kong, you can choose to receive your proceeds from
[Amazon.com](http://amazon.com/) in USD to your bank account. This service is
available to sellers who have cross-currency net proceeds ≥ USD 100K during
the trailing 12 months across all Amazon stores. If eligible, you will be able
to choose currency denomination (HKD or USD) when bank location ''Hong Kong''
is selected.

## How do I view an initiated Amazon Currency Converter for sellers
disbursement?

To view initiated disbursements, log into Seller Central and navigate to
**Payments** from the drop-down menu. Select **Payments** and click
**Disbursements** to view **Payout Amount** status. Note that only the
disbursements that used ACCS will have estimated delivery dates.

* Go to [the full list of currencies](/gp/help/external/200497780).

## Can I receive payment to a bank account that is not listed in the "Bank
Location" drop-down menu?

No. Only the countries and regions that are present in the "Bank Location"
drop-down menu from the [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView) page are
supported. For bank locations not visible on the list, refer to [Payment
Services Provider program](/gp/help/GHP8M87Z5W6XTSTL) to create an account
with the listed providers.

## What are the tax implications of my earnings being converted into another
currency before being transferred into my local bank account?

Amazon is not in a position to provide advice or comment about your tax
obligations. Contact your tax advisor with questions about your specific
circumstances.

## Will I receive documents denominated in my local currency that I can give
to local tax authorities?

All documents provided by Amazon will be in the functional currency of the
store on which you are selling.

## How can I obtain a Foreign Inward Remittance Certificate (FIRC) for inward
remittances entering India?

For information on obtaining a FIRC, go to [Selling from
India](/gp/help/201756390).

## Is there VAT assessed on the ACCS Fee?

VAT is currently applicable on ACCS fees for the Turkey store. If you are a
selling on the Turkey or Saudi Arabia stores, VAT will be applied on the ACCS
fee amount and will be retained by Amazon before the disbursement. To view the
VAT fee percentage and amount for a completed payment, go to the **Payments
Dashboard** within Seller Central, then hover over the **Final Disbursements
Amount** tooltip at the bottom of the screen. This will display the breakdown
of your ACCS service fee, your qualified fee percentage, the actual fee amount
collected in local currency, and the exchange rate applied to your transaction
along with your assessed VAT.

## Additional Information

  * [Using Hyperwallet with Amazon](/gp/help/external/G7S55VWDZ9SQCUEX)
  * [Countries, regions, and currencies supported by Amazon for disbursement](/gp/help/external/G200497780)
  * [Selling from India](/gp/help/G201756390)

