---
title: Amazon Freight LTL shipping service
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GM9THX2S47XTGJTQ
section: General Documentation
---

Fulfillment by Amazon offers a pickup service for less-than-truckload (LTL)
and full-truckload (FTL) shipments to select fulfillment centers. We use
select Amazon-partnered carriers to help decrease the time and cost of getting
your inventory into our fulfillment network and making it available for
purchase by customers.

Amazon Freight is now available for sending your inventory to fulfillment
centers nationwide.

The service offers pallet pickup within two days of booking and provides fast
shipping at low rates. It’s available for pickup from select Zip Codes for
shipments to designated fulfillment centers across the country.

To use the service, choose **Amazon Partnered Carrier** when creating your
shipment. Amazon or a partner will be assigned to pick up your shipment.

  * Amazon will arrange for pickup of your shipment between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. on the estimated pickup date shown when you accept the shipping charges. You don’t need to call to schedule a pickup.
  * Amazon will arrange to send your shipment on the promised date to fulfillment centers nationwide so that your inventory is checked in and available for sale as soon as possible.
  * The service delivers your shipments to the fulfillment centers on the delivery date promised during shipment confirmation. 

For LTL/FTL shipments, after you approve the estimated shipping costs, Amazon
will send you a Bill of Lading (BOL), which can also be found in the tracking
events tab for your shipment. Your shipment details can be found on the BOL
and will be available on the morning of your pickup date.

## Late pickups

Pickups may be delayed due to weather, road conditions, requested lift gate
service, incorrect shipment information, or previous stops.

**Note:** Amazon does not schedule pickup for the Partnered Carrier Small
Parcel Delivery service. However, you can schedule pickup with your local UPS
online or by phone. You will need the tracking ID.

**Note:** Partnered LTL carriers are not able to pick up from any ocean
shipping terminal or port location. Partnered LTL carrier do not pickup from
warehouses that require additional documentation outside of the BOL. You will
need to transfer your products to a shipping location outside of the terminal
or port that can accommodate the carrier’s equipment.

If the truck does not arrive by 5:00 p.m. on your scheduled pickup day and we
have not contacted you, please check that the information you provided is
correct (correct shipping method and ship from address). Providing incorrect
shipment information may result in delays. Pickup date may also change
depending on carrier capacity. For further information, please refer to the
[Amazon Partnered Carrier options](/gp/help/201119120) help page.

If shipment information is correct, the BOL generated, and the pickup date has
passed, you can open a support case in Seller Central. A case manager will
respond to your case within 24 hours.

**Note:** Please prepare your shipments ahead of time, so they can be loaded
when the truck arrives.

We strive to provide quick and accurate support to resolve your late pickup
issues. You can reach our support team directly by clicking
[here](/help/hub/solution?type=CTI&id=10721).

## LTL lift gate service

To request LTL lift gate service or a vehicle smaller than a 53-foot truck,
open a support case in Seller Central.

## Reschedule or cancel a shipment

To reschedule, you must contact Amazon at least 24 hours before the start of
your pickup day.

Follow the steps below to submit a reschedule request:

  1. Go to the [Contact us](/help/hub/support) form and click **Selling on Amazon**

  2. Click **Or, browse for your issue in the menu** at bottom of the page

  3. Expand **Fulfillment by Amazon**

  4. Click **Investigate Other FBA Issues**

  5. Select **Other FBA Issue**

  6. Enter **Amazon Shipping Rescheduling** in the **Describe your issue** field

**Note:** Make sure to include your FBA shipment ID and your reschedule date

  7. Click **Continue** and follow the prompts

To cancel a shipment, go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-
queue/index.html) and follow the steps below:

  1. Locate the shipment and click **Work on Shipment**

  2. Click the **Prepare Shipment** tab (if you are not already there) 

  3. Scroll to **Section 4, Shipping Charges**

  4. Click **Void Charges**

You can cancel an LTL/FTL shipment up to one hour after approving estimated
charges.

**Note:** Canceling the shipment does not cancel the charges. You must follow
the canceling instructions above to ensure no pickup is made and charges will
not apply. If the window of time to cancel a shipment has passed, you will not
be able to cancel those charges or receive a refund within Seller Central.

## Pallet label requirements

To ensure speedy shipping of your products to fulfillment centers, Amazon
Freight provides four identical copies of each unique pallet label.

Place a copy of the same label on all four sides of the pallet. Make sure that
all labels on each pallet have the same “Pallet Count” number (see the example
below). You can print the new pallet labels from the shipment creation
workflow.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/AmazonServices/Site/US/Product/FBA/Unified_Pallet_Label.png)  

