---
title: Amazon Handmade: Best practices for fulfilling orders
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201835090
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:**

  * Go to [Use Fulfillment by Amazon to ship your Handmade products](/gp/help/G201817680) for additional information on having your Handmade orders fulfilled by Amazon.
  * Go to [The process of fulfilling an order](/gp/help/G200200040) for an overview of the order fulfillment process.

Follow these best practices to avoid customer order cancellations and late
shipment penalties:  

  1. Set accurate quantities and production times
  2. Set accurate transit times
  3. Confirm orders quickly/on-time
  4. Ship orders within the production/handling times you set

These guidelines will ensure that customers receive their orders within the
time communicated on the product page.

## What is total delivery time?

Amazon provides the estimated delivery time to buyers on the offer listing and
checkout pages. This is the time between order placement and estimated order
delivery.

**Total delivery time = production/handling time + transit time (+ any
holidays and weekends)**

Setting accurate delivery times for your products helps ensure a good customer
experience and improve sales.

## Set accurate quantities and production times

When listing your handmade products, you must enter a quantity and production
time for each product on the **Offer** tab of the [Add a
Product](/productclassify/handmade) tool.

The quantity you enter in the **Quantity** field should represent the number
of units for which you have available stock. If you enter zero, your product
page will read "out of stock."

Your entry in the **Production Time** field should accurately reflect the
amount of time (in days) you need from receipt of an order for that product to
when you can ship it. This can be from 1 to 30 days and should include the
time for applying customizations. Production time can be the same for all
products by selecting the default handling time in **Shipping Settings** (you
can choose between 1 day and 2 days). Otherwise, you can set specific
production times for individual ASINs.

If you are unable to create or ship a product, be sure to change the quantity
available to zero to avoid accepting more orders and increasing your risk of
customer cancellations. To update the quantity or other information for a
product listing, find the product on the [Manage Inventory](/inventory) page,
click the **Edit** drop-down menu for the product in question, and select
**Edit**.

To set production times for individual ASINs:  

  1. Click [Manage Inventory](/inventory/).
  2. Locate your ASIN and click **Edit**.
  3. Go to the **Offer** tab, scroll to the **Production Time** field, and adjust the time (in days; minimum setting is one day).

**Note:** If you leave this field blank and do not adjust the default handling
time in **Shipping Settings** , the default will be 1â€“2 days.

To set default handling times:  

  1. Click [Shipping Settings](/sbr#settings).
  2. In the **Handling Time** section, click **Edit** and choose between **1 day** and **2 days**.
  3. Click **Save**.

## Set accurate transit times

It is equally important to set accurate transit times for all domestic and
international regions you ship to. To set your transit time:  

  1. Go to [Shipping Templates](/sbr#shipping_templates).
  2. Click **Edit template** on the right side of the screen.
  3. Select the **Shipping option** and **Region(s)** you want to configure.
  4. Modify the transit time by selecting an option from the drop-down menu under **Transit Time**.
  5. Click **OK**.

You can also add or edit templates according to your business needs. Go to
[Create, edit, or delete shipping templates](/gp/help/G201834090) for more
information.

## Confirm orders quickly/on-time

Once a customer places an order, you must confirm shipment within 30 days of
the order date. If you fail to do so, Amazon will cancel the order and you
will not receive payment, even if you shipped the order. You can review and
confirm customer orders in the [Manage Orders](/gp/orders-v2/list/) tool.

For every order that you receive through Amazon, you will see a "Ship by"
date, which is the production time you set for the product.

##  Ship orders within the production/handling time you set

Be sure to [confirm shipments](/gp/help/200197960) in the **Manage Orders**
tool only when the product has been shipped to the customer and within the
production/handling time you set for that product (that is, before or on the
"Ship by" date):  

  1. Go to [Manage Orders](/orders-v3/ref=xx_myo_dnav_xx).
  2. In the **Action** column for the order, click **Confirm Shipment**.
  3. On the **Confirm Shipment** page, enter the following: 
     * Ship Date 
     * Carrier Name
     * Shipping service (or Ship method)
     * Ship from address (physical address from where you shipped the order)
     * Tracking ID (supplied by the carrier)
  4. Enter any special notes about the order in the **Seller memo** field.
  5. Click **Confirm Shipment**.

**Note:** If you purchase a label for your order using [Buy Shipping
services](/gp/help/G200202220), the order will be automatically confirmed
within the System.Shipping orders early will not affect your metrics.

