---
title: Amazon Handmade: List your products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817280
section: General Documentation
---

Once approved to sell on Amazon Handmade, you can list your products. If you
are new to Amazon, go to the **List products manually** section of this help
page or to learn more, go to [Amazon Handmade: Use inventory templates to
upload products](/gp/help/GMU4YRNPVSDUGJZX). Alternately, you can use the
[Amazon Seller mobile app](/sellermobileapp) to add new listings or edit
existing ones.

If you have products listed on Etsy and want to transfer them to Amazon
Handmade, go to [Transfer product details from Etsy to Amazon
Handmade](/gp/help/GRDU4XCFF6GFRFE8).

If you are already selling products on Amazon that meet the criteria for
Amazon Handmade, you can relist them in the Handmade store. Products can only
be listed in a single category, so you must delete the original listings and
relist them in Amazon Handmade.

When you relist items in Amazon Handmade, you can choose to use a new seller
SKU for your products, or delete your existing SKU from your inventory and
wait up to 24 hours to reuse that SKU. For instructions to delete existing
listings, go to [Stop selling a product](/gp/help/G200216110).

If you must pause the sale of your items due to a family emergency or going on
a vacation, you can change your listing status to **Inactive** in your
**Vacation Settings**. This removes your self-fulfilled listings from Amazon
and the search results within an hour. For more information, go to [Listing
status for vacations, holidays, and other absences](/gp/help/G200135620).

**Note:** We encourage you to set up your [Maker Profile](/handmade/profile-
edit/ref=xx_gldprf_dnav_home) page so customers can learn more about you, how
you make your products, and details about your listings in one place.

## List products manually

When listing new Handmade products, make sure to use the **standard Amazon
listing experience** with the new **Handmade Classification** attribute. You
will list new products in standard product types rather than listing them in
the previous **GUILD** product types.

To list new Handmade products, follow these steps:  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Catalog** , and click **Add Products**.

**Note:** If you see **Not listing a Handmade product? Change categories** at
the top of the screen, it is the previous listing experience. To see the new
listing experience, click **Change categories**.

  2. Select **Blank form** and click **Start**.
  3. In the left-hand navigation, select the **All attributes** option to reveal the new **Handmade Classification** attribute.
  4. To add the new **Handmade Classification** attribute, indicate whether your product is handcrafted, hand-altered, hand-designed, upcycled, or repurposed. You must only add the **Handmade Classification** attribute to products or brands you own.
  5. Create your listing by clicking each tab and provide all required information.
  6. Click **Save and finish** to complete the listing process. You can edit the information for your listing at any time.

**Note:** If you list a new handmade product without adding the **Handmade
Classification** attribute, then the product will not be included in the
Handmade category, that means that your product would not be discoverable in
the Handmade’s store, would not receive Handmade’s referral fee, and would not
receive other Handmade benefits.

**Note:** It can take up to 24 hours for your listing to appear. If you are
still unable to find your products after that, go to [Common reasons you
cannot find your Handmade listings](/gp/help/GRCWJ4KHBNQ3SNTB).

## Product identity tab

Following are the required fields on this tab:

  * Item name
  * Product type
  * Item type keyword
  * Brand name
  * Product ID

**Brand name**

The **Brand name** attribute is reserved for sellers whose brand name is
approved by Amazon Brand Registry. Sellers whose brand name isn't approved are
required to select **This product does not have a brand name**. This will
automatically populate the attribute as **Generic**.

**Product ID**

For most categories, you are required to provide a **Product ID**. Product IDs
are part of a system of unique product identifiers called Global Trade Item
Numbers (GTINs) and the specific GTIN required varies by category.

The following are the most commonly used GTINs in the Amazon catalog:

  * Universal Product Code (UPC)
  * International Standard Book Number (ISBN)
  * European Article Number (EAN)
  * Japanese Article Number (JAN)

For more information on the requirements of each category, including
exceptions and exemptions where available, go to [Product ID (GTIN)
requirements by category](/gp/help/G200317520).

**Note:** If your product does not have a product ID or GTIN, you can apply
for a GTIN exemption. GTIN exemption is by product type, so you will only need
to submit a GTIN exemption request once per product type. Learn about
[requesting a GTIN exemption](/gp/help/G200426310).

## Description tab

Following are the required fields on this tab:

  * Product description
  * Bullet points

Due to their critical nature in search relevancy and the customer experience,
Amazon Handmade requires all listings have bullet points. We recommend 4-5
bullet points on all listings.

#### Good bullet point practices

  * Order your bullets by importance.
  * Keep your bullet points clear and concise. Avoid over-stuffing your bullet points with keywords and other content.
  * Bullet points should be quick facts about your product, such as materials, dimensions, appropriate age ranges, benefits, or even warnings.
  * Don’t exceed 15 words or 500 characters for each bullet point or 1,000 characters total.

#### What to avoid when creating bullet points

  * Pricing information, shipping details, or information about you or your company
  * Marketing- or advertising-like content
  * HTML or fancy code
  * Run-on sentences

For more information, go to [Product bullet points
requirements](/gp/help/GX5L8BF8GLMML6CX).

**Note:** For sellers using Basic A+ Content, when you add A+ content to your
listings, it replaces the product description on the Handmade detail pages.
This leaves the section below your product title blank and it displays further
down on the detail page. Therefore, we recommend you to add bullet point
content to all your listings.

**Note:** Bullet points can be removed from your detail page when they violate
any of these standards, so be sure to review your detail pages frequently.

## Product details tab

Following are some of the required fields on this tab:

**Manufacturer**

For Handmade products, your brand/company is considered the "manufacturer,"
since you are handcrafting your products. As a manufacturer, you will also be
required to provide a **part number**. Your part number can be an arbitrary
number of your choice.

**Handmade Classification**

After adding the new **Handmade Classification** attribute, you must indicate
whether your product is Hand-Altered, Hand-Designed, Handcrafted, Repurposed,
or Upcycled.

  * **Hand-altered** : Premade item that has been altered, for example a t-shirt or mug with a graphic.
  * **Hand-designed** : Original design, for example an art print or stationery.
  * **Handcrafted** : Made by hand using raw materials, for example a hand-carved wooden bowl.
  * **Upcycled** : An item with improved quality, for example refinished furniture.
  * **Repurposed** : An item transformed to serve a different purpose, for example a planter made from tires.

**Note:** You must only add the **Handmade Classification** attribute to
products or brands that you own. If you are not adding a Handmade product, do
not include the **Handmade Classification** attribute in your listing.

## Unit count, Unit count type, and Is product expirable?

Depending on the product type or category that you are listing in, there may
or may not be any required fields on this tab.

Beauty & Grooming and Pet Supplies categories require filling **Unit count** ,
**Unit count type** , and **Is product expirable?** fields.

**Unit count** and **Unit count type** , along with **Your price** (designated
in the **Offer** tab), work together to display a price per unit (PPU) on the
detail page.

For example:

  * 4.5 lb of cat litter priced at $50, displays as $50 ($11.11/lb)
  * 2 fluid oz of perfume priced at $200, displays as $200 ($100/fluid oz)
  * 3-pack of combs priced at $6, displays as $6 ($2/count)

  * 4.5 kg of cat litter priced at €50, displays as, €50 (€11.02/kg)
  * 100 ml of perfume priced at €200, displays as, €200 (€2/ml)
  * 3-pack of combs priced at €6, displays as, €6 (€2.00/count)

For more details on the proper configuration of PPU, go to [Price per unit
requirements](/gp/help/G201618190).

## Variations tab

The Variations tab will only appear if you check the **Variations** box in the
Product identity tab.

Variations, also known as parent-child relationships, are sets of products
that are related to one another in terms of size, color, or scent. Variations
allow buyers to compare and choose products based on different attributes such
as size, color, or other characteristics on a single product detail page. For
more information, go to [Variation relationships](/gp/help/G8831).

**Note:** When you add existing ASINs to a variation family, you must edit any
information in the **Keywords** and **More details** tabs of the parent ASIN.
This is because they will not carry over from the existing child ASINs when
you create your parent-child relationship. After successfully creating your
variation parent ASIN, make sure to confirm your child ASINs have retained
their information under **Keywords** and **More details**.

For more information on creating a listing with variations, go to the
following videos in Seller University:

  * [Create product variations one at a time](/learn/courses?ref_=selleru_athena&courseId=a119406f-32ff-498c-8be0-5cc4d3d904af&moduleId=9287b780-d339-4f5c-ba86-b0952e64ef8d)

  * [How to create product variations in bulk](/learn/courses?ref_=su_course_accordion&moduleId=bdd0c374-edc8-4e1b-b216-464ceb14d2c8&courseId=d7325144-5a7d-4042-ba0b-ea3627f82351)

The [Variation Wizard](/listing/varwiz) is a tool used to create a new
variation family or update an existing one by combining existing stand-alone
listings within your catalog. For more information, go to [Add a variation
using Variation Wizard](/gp/help/G202034620).

**When to use variations**

For more information on variations, go to [Determine variations for your
products](/gp/help/G201958220).

If you already have variation options set up as custom options such as size,
scent, or color, you are not required to convert them to a variation family,
but it is highly recommended.

There are a few benefits to do so:

  * Each variation is assigned its own SKU and ASIN making it easier to fulfill orders.
  * Customers can quickly see the different variants of a product on your product page.
  * The reviews for your child ASINs will be consolidated under the parent ASIN which improves visibility to newer or less popular child ASINs.
  * The specific variant will show in search results based on the search term used. For example, if you offer a gold and silver ring in a variation family, and a customer searches for "gold ring" your gold ring will show in the search results.

**Create a variation family**

It is not necessary to create a new listing to create a variation family.
Using an existing ASIN preserves sales history and reviews, and helps with
your search relevancy.

From your inventory list, find the ASINs you would like to add to the new
variation family and note the SKUs. You will require this information later.

  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Catalog** , click **Add Products** , and then select the category that best describes your chosen product.
  2. In the **Product identity** tab, find the **Variations** field and select **Yes** indicating that your product will have variations, and then choose the attributes of your variations from the options given.
  3. In the **Vital info** tab, enter any required information that may be requested.
  4. In the **Variations** tab, identify all the available variation options for your products. Doing this will populate a matrix of all the available options. Fill out any requested information in the matrix.
     * If you have existing ASINs that you want to add to your variation family or child ASINs, enter the SKUs you have already assigned to your ASINs. You can find the SKU on the Manage Inventory page of Seller Central.
     * If you want to create new child ASINs, enter new SKUs for each child ASIN or you can leave the SKU field blank, and the system will generate one automatically.
  5. Click **Apply changes**.
  6. Click through each tab and provide all required information. Selecting the **All attributes** option in the left-hand navigation allows you to provide additional details to customers on your detail page.
  7. Click **Save and finish**.

It can take several hours to complete the new family setup.

**Convert an existing ASIN with customizations to a variation family**

If you are currently using the customization feature to offer customers
different options for your product for example, size, color, scent, converting
the custom fields into a variation family can improve the customer shopping
experience and make it easier for you to fulfill orders. From your inventory
list, find the customizable ASINs you would like to add to the new variation
family and note the SKUs. You will require this information later.

To convert your ASIN with customizations to a variation family:

  

  1. Follow the steps above to create a variation family in Seller Central.  

    1. In the **Variations** tab, enter the SKU for your existing ASIN with customizations for the first variation in the matrix.
    2. Enter either a new SKU for each of the remaining child ASINs or leave the SKU field blank for them, and the system will generate one automatically.
  2. Once created, find the SKU you want to remove the custom offering from on the **Manage Inventory** page, click **Edit** , and then click **Remove customization information**.

It can take several hours complete the new family setup.

## Offer tab

Following are some of the required fields on this tab:

  * Quantity
  * Your price

When **All Attributes** is selected, you will find the option to designate
your **Fulfillment Channel** and other options to designate a SKU, shipping
template, identify the maximum number a single customer can buy, production
time, sale dates and prices, gift options, and a restocking date for
backorders.

**Note:** The default setting for fulfillment channel is **I will ship this
item myself** and this will be your selection when creating all new listings.
Once your listing is published, you can convert your listing to Fulfilled by
Amazon (FBA).

**Note:** The **List Price** field on the **Offer** tab is not required as
handcrafted items will not have one. However, if you want to [create a
deal](/gp/help/G202111550) to promote your listings, you must enter a price in
this field.

To learn more about setting accurate quantities and production times, go to
[Amazon Handmade: Best practices for fulfilling orders](/gp/help/G201835090).

## Safety and Compliance

****Dangerous Goods****

Dangerous goods, also called hazmat, are substances or materials that may pose
a risk during storing, handling, or transporting because they contain
flammable, pressurized, corrosive, or otherwise harmful substances. To prevent
potential health and safety risks, Amazon gathers dangerous goods information
related to any products sold on Amazon. If your product contains a harmful
substance, you will be required to provide information and documentation.

For more information, go to [Dangerous goods identification guide
(hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400) and watch [Dangerous goods
overview](/learn/courses?moduleId=401&mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.ATVPDKIKX0DER&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.ALRQ683ODN5KJ&mons_sel_persist=true&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)
in Seller University.

## Customizations

Customizable product listings offer customers an opportunity to customize
their product to their specifications beyond variation and must be used when
you are offering personalization or multiple configuration options for your
products.

For detailed information on how to enable customizations on your listing, go
to [Amazon Custom](/gp/help/G201757520).

**Customization options versus variations**

Customization options are used to provide an advanced shopping experience to
customers, thus allowing them to customize a product to suit their specific
needs. This can involve personalizing an item such as engraving a name on
jewelry, offering monogramming for towels, or when there are more than three
configurable options that can all be customized like style, material, color,
and size.

You can create a variation listing when you offer items that are fundamentally
the same in terms of design or function. For example, you can sell candles in
different heights and scents or a coat offered in different colors and sizes.
For more information, go to [Variation relationships](/gp/help/G8831).

**Note:** Due to the customization aspect of these products, you must fulfill
all orders for customizable products. FBA is currently unavailable for
customized products. However, your Handmade listings with variations without
customizations can be fulfilled by Amazon.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Can I copy listings for Handmade products that are already reclassified
in order to list new Handmade products in standard product types?

Yes. You can copy listings that have already been reclassified.

#### Can I copy listings that haven't been reclassified in order to list new
Handmade products in standard product types?

No. You will need to list new Handmade products in standard product types
rather than listing them in the previous GUILD product types.

#### Does the Build International Listings tool work with Amazon Handmade
listings?

Yes. You can use the Build International Listings tool to create and update
offers across all Amazon Handmade stores. For more information, go to [Build
International Listings](/gp/help/G202121570).

#### Are Handmade listings eligible for Business Pricing (B2B)?

Yes. Go to [Amazon business overview](/gp/help/G201542150) for details on this
program.

