---
title: Australia Goods and Services Tax (GST)
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202146000
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** The information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

## Amazon to charge Australia GST to AU sellers for remote services

The Australian government has implemented a new legislation that will require
non-resident organizations that provide remote services, such as Amazon, to
collect GST from resident-Australian sellers on these services. Note that,
this rule is only applicable for resident-Australian sellers who are not
registered for GST. The new rule is in effect since July 1, 2017.

If you are an Australian seller registered for GST, you will need to provide
your Australian Business Number (ABN) to Amazon to confirm that you are GST
registered in Australia. GST registered sellers will not have a GST charge of
10% applied on their Selling on Amazon fees.

To provide Amazon with your ABN:  

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Settings** and click **Account Info**.
  2. Under Tax Information, click **VAT Information**.
  3. Click **Add New VAT/GST Registration Number**.
  4. From the **Select Country** drop-down, select **Australia**.
  5. Enter your Australian Business Number (ABN).
  6. Select **I accept and acknowledge all conditions set out in the Tax registration agreement**.
  7. Click **Save**.

**Note:** When you click Add VAT number, you agree to the conditions set out
in the tax registration agreement.

If you are a resident Australian seller who is not GST registered in
Australia, the new rule requires Amazon to collect and remit Australian GST at
a standard rate of 10% on the Selling on Amazon fees that you pay.

You can also refer to the [Australian GST Tax
page](https://www.ato.gov.au/Business/GST/) for more information. To
understand how this regulation impacts your Selling on Amazon account, visit
[Australian Taxation Office](https://www.ato.gov.au/).

#### How does this apply to my selling account?

If you are a resident of Australia, you will be liable to pay Australian GST
in addition to your Selling on Amazon Fees. However, if you are GST registered
and have provided Amazon with an Australian Business Number (ABN) as
confirmation, you do not have to pay these charges.

#### How do I obtain an Australian Business Number?

You can register for an Australian Business Number (ABN) online. Please note
that we will charge you the GST unless you are registered for GST in
Australia, and have provided an ABN to us. For more information, visit
[Australian Taxation Office](https://www.ato.gov.au/) and [Apply for an
ABN](https://abr.gov.au/For-Business,-Super-funds---Charities/Applying-for-an-
ABN/).

#### I am not an Australian resident. Will Amazon charge my account Australian
GST fees?

If you are not a resident of Australia, Selling on Amazon fees through your
selling account will not be subject to Australian GST collection. Consult your
tax advisor to help you understand if you have any Australian GST obligations
in Australia.

#### How is Australian GST charged?

Amazon will charge Australian Sellers a standard rate of 10% on the Selling on
Amazon fees, if the seller does not have a valid Australian Business Number on
file.

#### Why is Amazon continuing to collect Australian GST when I have provided a
valid Australian Business Number?

Amazon will not calculate and collect Australian GST if you have provided an
Australian Business Number as confirmation that you are GST registered in
Australia.

However, there may have been GST collected on the orders due to timing. Amazon
calculates Australian GST when an order is placed, and charges it to the
seller account when the order is shipped. Therefore, Australian GST may have
been collected on orders placed before you provided your Australian Business
Number.

#### I updated my information to reflect my current address, which is outside
Australia. Why is Amazon continuing to collect Australian GST?

Amazon calculates Australian GST fees when an order is placed, and collects it
when an order is shipped. If the information you provided at the time of
shipment indicates you are a resident of Australia, you will be charged
Australian GST against your seller account. This could have occurred if there
were pending orders before you updated your current address and payment
information.

Go to [Seller Account Information](/hz/sc/account-information), and review
each section to ensure that all of your information is complete and accurate.

Note that, there may be several addresses and payment methods associated with
your seller account.

#### I am no longer a resident of Australia, and I have updated all my
information to reflect my current address. Can Amazon refund previously
charged Australian GST to my seller account?

Amazon is required to charge and remit Australian GST based on the information
in your seller account. At the time the GST was calculated and collected,
Amazon had enough information to associate your account with Australia. Amazon
cannot refund Australian GST without a valid Australian Business Number.

#### How do I receive a refund for previously charged Australian GST on my
seller account?

You may request a refund for previously-charged Australian GST once you have
provided Amazon with a valid Australian Business Number as confirmation that
you are GST registered in Australia.

To request a refund, submit your Australian Business Number to Amazon by
following the process listed on this page.  

  1. Contact Amazon Selling Partner Support through the [Contact us](/help/hub/support) form.
  2. Select **Selling on Amazon**.
  3. Click **My issue is not listed**.
  4. Provide detailed explanation of the issue related to request a refund for the Australian GST charged to your seller account. 

**Note:** It can take up to 90 days to process Australian GST refund requests.

You will receive an update for your case when your request has been processed.
The update will provide the estimated date of receiving the refund in your
seller account, if your request was approved.

#### Will Amazon provide me with an invoice for any Australian GST collected
on Selling on Amazon fees?

Amazon is not required to issue tax invoices under the Australian legislation.
All monthly activity can be found in date range reports. You can view these
reports by going to **Seller Central** > **Reports** > **Payments** > **Date
Range Reports** > and selecting a transactional report for a particular
timeframe.

#### Can Amazon help me with my tax return?

While we are committed to helping sellers, we do not provide tax advisory or
compliance services. We encourage you to contact a tax advisor.

