---
title: Authorize a return request
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G9DH343PLXALFTUW
section: General Documentation
---

Return requests are authorized either manually or automatically. Amazon
automatically authorizes US seller-fulfilled return requests that fall within
[Amazon’s return
policy](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=15015721).
Amazon also automatically authorizes return requests for items where sellers
had filed requests to exempt SKUs from the [Prepaid Return Label
program](/gp/help/G202072200). Manual authorization by seller is needed when
return requests are out-of-policy or category-exempt. In these instances, we
will notify you by email.

## Return Authorization for category-exempt items

Several categories and subcategories are automatically exempt from automatic
return authorization. The following programs and categories are automatically
exempt from prepaid return labels, thus requiring seller manual authorization:

  * Handmade
  * Certified preowned watches
  * Non-physical items (for example, warranties, digital software, or digital coupons)
  * Items that are non-returnable by law and dangerous goods

**Note:** You must respond to return requests that require manual
authorization within 24 hours.

## Manual return authorization

To manually review return requests that are out of Amazon’s return policy or
are category-exempt:  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Orders** > **Manage Returns** or go to [Manage Returns](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/returns/list/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx).
  2. Go to the **Pending Actions** tab; and search by "Pending Authorization" or, to authorize a single return request, select the request you want to review.   

    1. You will be prompted to either use the Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number generated by Amazon or enter a custom RMA number of your own.
    2. When you approve a buyer's return request, you will have the option to use either an Amazon generated unpaid return label, or upload your own custom prepaid return label. For more information, go to [Upload a prepaid return label](/gp/help/G201711740).

**Note:** Amazon sends the buyer an Amazon issued unpaid return label or your
own merchant prepaid label. The RMA number is on the return authorization slip
below the return label.

To change your return address, go to your **Account Info** under **Settings**
and click **Return Address**. If your returns are manually authorized, you
will be prompted to choose a return address. You will have the option to use
either one of your previously saved return addresses or to add a new return
address. For more information, go to [Return address
settings](/gp/help/G201711720).

To authorize multiple return requests at the same time, on **Manage Returns**
select the requests you would like to review or check the **Select all returns
on this page** box. After you have selected the return requests you would like
to authorize, click **Authorize all selected returns**.

To receive emails notifying you about a return request, go to **Settings** on
your Seller Central home page, click **Notification preferences** and in the
Notification options tab under Return and Claim notifications, check the
**‘Pending Returns’** box and click **‘Edit’** to update your email address.

For more information regarding return preferences, go to [Set your return
preferences](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/200828040)

**Important:** Generally, our return window is open for 30 days. However, the
timing may vary based on the product category. Following authorization of a
return request, you must wait until the return window closes followed by a
transit time of 15 days for a buyer to return an item.

