---
title: Automated fulfillable inventory removal
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GDAET8WDZBB2GFHY
section: General Documentation
---

When automated fulfillable inventory removal is enabled, we’ll return,
liquidate, or dispose of fulfillable inventory that's been in a fulfillment
center for more than 365 days. In addition, units of ASINs that have not sold
for six or more consecutive months and that have been in fulfillment centers
for more than 180 days will be automatically removed.  
  
## How it works

There are two automated fulfillable inventory removal services that can
prevent your inventory from incurring additional storage fees:

  * **Automated long-term storage removal** : The removal of inventory that would be subject to 365+ day aged inventory surcharge.

**Note:** Inventory that has been in a fulfillment center for 181 to 365 days
will still be subject to the 181-365 day aged inventory surcharge. To avoid
this surcharge, create a removal order using the standard process on the
[Create removal order](/recoveryui/removal-order/create) page.

  * **Automated removal of ASINs with no sale** : The removal of units of ASINs that have not sold for six or more consecutive months and that would be subject to applicable storage fees. 

## Eligible products

The following products are eligible for automated fulfillable inventory
removal:

  * Units that have been in fulfillment centers for more than 365 days
  * Units of ASINs that have not sold in six or more consecutive months and that have been in fulfillment centers for more than 180 days

## Opting out

You’re opted in to the automated fulfillable inventory removal services by
default. To check your status or update your settings, follow these steps:

  1. Under **Settings** , select **Fulfillment by Amazon**.

  2. Scroll down to **Automated fulfillable inventory settings** and click **Edit**.

  3. To opt out of the services at any time, select **Disable** and then click **Update**. You can also opt out of either of the two automated removal services on this page. 

## Track inventory

You can review units that are eligible for automated fulfillable inventory
removal on [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth). To track
which of your units have been removed, go to the [Removal Order
Detail](/reportcentral/REMOVAL_ORDER_DETAIL/0) report.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What are my options for automated removal services?

On [Automated fulfillable inventory
settings](/gp/ssof/configuration/automated-aged-removal-settings.html), select
**Return** and enter a return address to have your inventory returned to you.
Select **Dispose** to have your inventory donated, recycled if eligible, or
disposed of.

To liquidate your eligible inventory, select **Liquidation**. Units that are
not eligible for liquidation are donated, recycled, or disposed of. To learn
more about product eligibility, go to [FBA
Liquidations](/gp/help/GYVCG5Q3BEJ6MLMF).

#### What's the default removal option for these automated removal services?

If you provide a return address on any Amazon automated removal service, we’ll
return your inventory by default. If you don't configure your settings for
liquidation or choose to opt out of the services, your inventory will be
donated, recycled, or disposed of if no return address is provided.

#### How can I avoid the required removal of my aging inventory or incurring
an aged inventory surcharge?

To avoid removals or storage fees, you can actively manage older inventory and
inventory that is not likely to sell.

To sell through older inventory, consider setting up a deal through Amazon
Outlet. An outlet deal is a promotional offer with a minimum discount of 20%.
For more information, go to [Amazon Outlet](/gp/help/GHLYT4TPVCY2MJE3).

#### Will this change affect all of my automated removal settings?

No. The updates that you make to your settings will only apply to automated
fulfillable inventory removal.

