---
title: Automotive tires, wheels, and rims
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJQMR3AUDBH6RXR5
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you supply products for sale on our store, you must comply
with all federal, state, and local laws, as well as our policies applicable to
those products and product listings.

Amazon does not allow the sale of motor vehicles that are required to be
registered. However, you are generally permitted to sell automotive parts and
other automotive and powersports products that comply with applicable legal
requirements such as the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards and Clean Air
Act.

## Our policy for automotive tires, wheels, and rims

Tires, wheels, and rims must meet the following compliance requirements:

  * Tires, wheels, and rims must comply with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (additional requirements are listed below).
  * Tires, wheels, rims, and wheel accessories must be in a new, unused, and undamaged condition, with original manufacturer labels or stickers intact.
  * Listing used tires, wheels, rims, or wheel accessories is prohibited. 
  * Tires must never have been mounted to any wheel or rim that is a metal support for a tire, or a tire and tube assembly upon which the tire beads are seated. 
  * Tires must have a valid U.S. Department of Transportation Tire Identification Number (TIN) that has not been altered.
  * Tires must have been manufactured no more than three years before the date of their sale, according to the manufacturing date listed in their TIN.
  * Tires may not be sold more than two years before the expiration of their original manufacturer warranty, if any.
  * To comply with [tire registration requirements](https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2011-title49-vol7/xml/CFR-2011-title49-vol7-sec574-8.xml), you must do the following:
    * Provide all tire manufacturers with purchasers’ names and the Tire Identification Numbers of each tire they purchase, or provide each tire purchaser with a paper tire registration form that states the entire TIN of the tire or tires sold to the purchaser, and your name and street address, e-mail address, or website.
    * Provide assistance, as needed, to enable Amazon’s compliance with tire identification and recordkeeping requirements.

## Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (FMVSS)

The Motor Vehicle Safety Act requires that certain automotive products
imported or sold in the United States be certified to comply with all
applicable FMVSS. Safety standards that apply to automotive tires, wheels, and
rims may include the following:

Product | **Regulation and Standards Requirements**  
---|---  
Automotive tires and rims |  [49 CFR 571.109](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.109) – New pneumatic bias ply and certain specialty tires [49 CFR 571.110](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.110) – Tire selection and rims for motor vehicles with a Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) of 10,000 lbs or less [49 CFR 571.119](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.119) – New pneumatic tires for motor vehicles with a GVWR of more than 10,000 pounds and motorcycles [49 CFR 571.120](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.120) – Tire selection and rims for motor vehicles with a GVWR of more than 10,000 lbs [49 CFR 571.129](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.129) – New non-pneumatic tires for passenger cars [49 CFR 571.139](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-49/subtitle-B/chapter-V/part-571/subpart-B/section-571.139) – New pneumatic radial tires for light vehicles  
  
For more information on FMVSS, see [NHTSA FMVSS](https://www.nhtsa.gov/laws-
regulations/fmvss).

## Automotive tires, wheels, and rims subject to FMVSS

Products in this category include, but are not limited to, the following:

  * Motor vehicle tires (such as passenger car, bus, motorcycle, truck, and RV)
  * Trailer tires
  * Spare tires
  * All season and snow tires
  * Rims and wheels for motor vehicles sold with or without tires
  * Any tires intended or marketed for use on public roads or highways

## Required documentation

If you list automotive tires, wheels, and rims on our site, we require you to
submit documentation that reflects compliance with applicable safety standards
and regulations. For each affected ASIN, you must submit the following
documents:

**Document 1** : A completed Amazon [Certificate of Compliance to
FMVSS](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/RPUSSD/A1M2A3Z4O5N6F7M8V9S0S1C2O3C4._CB1198675309_.pdf)
form signed by an authorized representative of the product’s manufacturer or,
for a foreign manufacturer, the product manufacturer or importer of record
(IoR). The product information provided on the Certificate of Compliance
(including brand, manufacturer, model, and size) must match the product
information on the ASIN’s product detail page.

**Note:** One Certificate of Compliance form can be used for multiple ASINs if
they are from the same manufacturer or IoR.

**Document 2 (tires and wheels only):** A valid FMVSS test report from an
internal or external laboratory confirming that the product was tested to and
met all performance requirements of all applicable FMVSS. The product
information in the FMVSS test report (including brand, manufacturer, model,
and size) must match the product information on the ASIN’s product detail
page.

The FMVSS test report must include the following information:

  * Manufacturer, model, and size of the product

**Note:** One test report will suffice for tires of varying sizes of the same
model and ply. For test report submissions addressing multiple sizes, please
submit a signed affidavit with the required compliance documentation to
validate the relationship between ASINs of the same model (and ply) and the
details provided.

  * Name and address of the organization that performed the testing
  * Reference to the applicable safety standards tested 
  * Passing test data for all applicable safety standards

**Note:** FMVSS test report regulation and safety standards vary by type and
use of tire. Please ensure that the correct safety standard per type of tire
is reflected in the FMVSS test report that you provide, and ensure that all
applicable FMVSS tests for that standard are included on the report.

For wheel assemblies with a tire and rim, see the **Frequently asked
questions** below for special instructions.

## How to submit information

To submit documents or appeal a compliance requirement, go to [Submit
compliance documents or appeal a documentation
request](/gp/help/external/GC35Z63FGCUCUWXX).

## Request product removal from Amazon fulfillment centers

**For Fulfilled by Amazon (FBA) only:**

If you are unable or unwilling to appeal the suppression of your ASIN, you
have 30 days to create a removal order from our fulfillment centers.

For more information, go to the following help articles:

  * [Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory (overview)](/gp/help/external/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory)

## Policy violations

If you do not provide the required information by the applicable deadline, we
may remove the relevant product listings from our stores.

## Additional resources

  * [49 CFR Part 571](https://one.nhtsa.gov/cars/rules/rulings/UpgradeTire/Final/Index.html)
  * [National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards](https://www.nhtsa.gov/laws-regulations/fmvss)
  * [National Highway Traffic Safety Administration New Manufacturers Handbook](https://vpic.nhtsa.dot.gov/ManufacturerHandbook.pdf)
  * [National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards Test Standard Templates](https://www.nhtsa.gov/vehicle-manufacturers/test-procedures)
  * [Manage your compliance (MYC)](/gp/help/external/help.html?itemID=UDCM66BHG6B4GXZ)
  * [Restricted products](/gp/help/external/200164330)
  * [Automotive and powersports permitted & prohibited products list](/gp/help/external/help.html?itemID=200164410)
  * [Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)

## Frequently asked questions

**How do I know if my automotive tires and rims are approved for listing?**

If your listings are compliant, you’ll receive an email notification.

**What if I believe my listing is not subject to FMVSS?**

If you believe that your listing is incorrectly identified as subject to
FMVSS, you can appeal through the MYC dashboard by clicking **Add or appeal
compliance** , and then **Appeal request**.

**What if I am a reseller and am not the manufacturer or Importer of Record
(IoR)?**

If you are a reseller, you must reach out to the manufacturer or IoR of the
product to obtain the required documentation. You can send the [Certificate of
Compliance](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/RPUSSD/A1M2A3Z4O5N6F7M8V9S0S1C2O3C4._CB1198675309_.pdf)
form to the manufacturer or IoR to have them complete the form. You can also
request a copy of the FMVSS test report from the manufacturer or IoR. You must
then submit their completed Certificate of Compliance form and FMVSS test
report through your Manage Your Compliance portal for review by Amazon.

**What if the product information on my compliance documentation does not
match the information on the ASIN’s product detail page?**

The product information on the compliance documentation (such as the
manufacturer, brand, model, and size) must match the product information on
the product detail page. If the product information does not match, then the
product detail page must be updated to match the accurate product information
of the tested and certified product. If the details listed on the ASIN’s
detail page cannot be updated, submit a signed affidavit with the compliance
documentation to validate the relationship between all details provided.

**If my products are wheel assemblies with a tire and rim, which forms do I
have to submit?**

You must submit both the Certificate of Compliance and the FMVSS test report
as indicated above. However, please follow the special instructions for wheel
assemblies below.

Certificate of Compliance:

  * If the manufacturer (or importer of record) for the wheel is also the manufacturer (or importer of record) for **both the tires and rims** used in its assembly, then a Certificate of Compliance for the wheel ASIN only is sufficient. 
  * If the tire and rim are manufactured or imported by different entities, you must provide a Certificate of Compliance from both the tire manufacturer (or importer), and the rim manufacturer (or importer). 

FMVSS test report:

  * Only a FMVSS test report for the tire is required. Test reports for the rim and the full wheel configuration are not required to be submitted. 

**Important:** If the tire and rim product information provided on the
Certificate of Compliance or the FMVSS test report are not referenced on the
wheel ASIN product detail page, you must provide an additional affidavit
stating that the specific tire or rim manufacturer (brand), model, and size
are used in the assembly wheel ASIN for traceability.

