---
title: B2B Central
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202161480
section: General Documentation
---

B2B Central provides a focal point for you to understand, manage, and grow
your business-to-business (B2B) channel on Amazon. Click the down arrow in the
upper right corner of any of the widgets to Minimize, Rate, or Refresh the
widget.

Access B2B Central through the **B2B** tab in your Seller Central account.

## Sales Snapshot

The Sales Snapshot allows you to view the growth of your B2B sales from
registered business customers (B2B) in contrast with that of non-registered
Business Customers (non-B2B), and to compare your Year-over-Year (YoY) growth
among both customer segments.

Features:

  * Select the **B2B** , **Non-B2B** , and **Total** boxes below the graph to view the different segments of your business.
  * Select the **Compare to last year** box to view your sales from the selected time period last year for each segment
  * Use the **Sales** , **Units** , and time range buttons to customize your sales data on the graph and the underlying table.
  * Click **View in Business Reports** , to dive deeper into your sales history.

**Note:** Registered business customers have registered as businesses with
Amazon. They have exclusive access to your Business Prices and Quantity
Discounts, Business Profile, and Product Documents. You may have purchases
from businesses that have not yet registered on Amazon Business. These sales
will be included in the Non-B2B segment.

##  B2B Performance by Customer Segment

This widget shows the breakdown of your B2B sales by segments of the business
buyers. We use both internal and external data sources on business buyers.

Features:

  * Use the dropdown menu in the title to view your sales by buyer Industry, Region, or Size . 
  * View the Year-over-Year (YoY) growth, Sales, Orders, Units, and Average Order for each segment. 
  * Hover over the donut chart to view the segments sales, units, orders, and percentage of overall sales. 
  * Use the **Sales** , **Units** , and **time range** buttons to customize your sales data on the graph and the underlying table.
  * Sort Sales and Units in an ascending or descending order using the arrow by that column header
  * When viewing Industries, click on any Industry segment to expand the widget and view the sub-industry metrics
  * **Other** represents your sales to businesses that have not yet been classified.

**Note:** The **Average Order** column shows the average sales per order and
average units per order from your B2B customer segments. Use this information
to compare the average value of your B2B customers on Amazon.

## Your Top 5 Products by Customer Segment

This widget displays your top five products selling to registered business
customers on Amazon.

Features:

  * Filter the product list by Industry and Sub-Industry using the dropdown menus at the top of the product list. 
  * Click the product title to view that product’s detail page.
  * Click the SKU number to view details of the product in SKU Central.
  * Use the **Sales** , **Units** , and **time range** buttons to customize your sales data on the graph and the underlying table. 
  * Use the Actions dropdown to improve your B2B sales of your top products. 

**Note:** You can improve your chances of B2B sales by tailoring your listing
description to appeal to specific buyer segments, ensuring you have adequate
inventory, uploading new and relevant photos, adding a business price or
quantity discount, and advertising your listing.

## Business Action Center

The Business Action Center displays tasks that are relevant to your B2B
business. Each task in the list includes both a link to the page on Seller
Central and a **Dismiss** button. Click the button to complete that task on a
different page.

Tasks can take up to 48 hours to disappear from the Business Action Center if
you complete them in their native location on Seller Central, without clicking
the button in the Business Action Center.

**Note:** Clicking **Dismiss** removes the task from your Business Action
Center. However, you will still be able to complete the task on its primary
page on Seller Central.

Tasks appear in order. Some tasks have expiration times, while others do not.

**Note:** If you leave a task in the Business Action Center without taking
action, it will automatically disappear after 2 weeks.

Examples of business tasks:

  * Buyer Request : Appears when a registered business customer requests a quantity discount on an ASIN on which you have an offer. All sellers with an offer on this ASIN receive the request.
  * Business Profile : Appears if you have fields in your Business Profile that have not yet been completed. Buyers are particularly interested in the following fields: About, Year established, Number of Employees, and your DUNS number. Complete all of the fields to help Business Buyers know you better.
  * Credentials : Appears if Amazon identifies that you are eligible for a Business credential. When you approve the credential, it will display on your detail pages, listings, and business profile for registered business customers to see. 
  * Welcome Series : Appears when you are getting started on Amazon Business. These tasks provide you with additional steps and information to help you grow your B2B business on Amazon. 

Check back on the Business Action Center frequently for additional tasks to
complete on Amazon Business.

## Amazon Business Performance Summary

This widget shows the summary of your performance on Amazon Business. Each
corner represents an angle to evaluate your performance rated by 5-star score,
and you can hover your mouse over each corner for further insights and
personalized recommendations.

  * **B2B Sales Performance:** This corner gives you insight into your B2B sales performance based on:  

    1. The percentage of your total Amazon sales that represent sales to B2B customers (B2B sales %) in the past 90 days,
    2. The percentile of your B2B sales % among sellers with similar products to you, and
    3. The comparison between average units per B2B order and average units per non-B2B order.
       * Your star rating will increase as you generate more sales from B2B customers to achieve higher B2B sales %.
  * **B2B Pricing:** This corner gives insight into your Business Discount performance, based on:   

    1. Business Pricing adoption and offer coverage (i.e., percentage of your offers that have Business Pricing), 
    2. Quantity Discount adoption and offer coverage (i.e., percentage of your offers that have Quantity Discount),
    3. Percentage of B2B customers’ page views on your offers that are covered by Business Pricing or Quantity Discount. 
       * Your star rating will increase as you add Business Discounts and as customers view your offers that include Business Discounts.
  * **B2B Products:** This corner gives you insight into the percentage of the B2B-relevant ASINs that you are offering. An ASIN needs to meet at least one of the following criteria to be regarded as B2B-relevant:   

    1. Has at least one page view from B2B customers since the ASIN was offered, 
    2. Has at least one order from B2B customers since the ASIN was offered, 
    3. Has Business Pricing or Quantity Discount applied since the ASIN was offered, or 
    4. Has a B2B-only offer. 
       * Your star rating will increase as your percentage of buyable offers on B2B-relevant ASINs grows.
  * **B2B Business Profile:** This corner gives you insight into how well developed your business profile is, based on:   

    1. if you have filled in [Business Profile](/profile/editor/), and 
    2. The quantity of the [Certifications](/profile/certifications) you have added. 
       * Your star rating will grow after you fill in ‘Annual Revenue,’ ‘Number of Employees,’ ‘About Your Business,’ ‘Seller Logo,’ ‘Year Established’ in [Business Profile](/profile/editor/) and upload more active certifications.

