---
title: B2B product opportunities
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GG6RSFHJVGD653MV
section: General Documentation
---

You can find B2B product selection recommendations for your business on the
[B2B product opportunities (BPO)](/business/opportunities/) page. We use
demand signals like purchasing trends, new product requests and requests for
quantity discounts from our growing Amazon Business customer base coupled with
your selling history to create product selection recommendations for you and
your business. Currently, there are two B2B product opportunity reports
available:

#### Recommended for you

Includes products that are in high demand from the categories or brands you
are already selling in.

For more information, go to [Recommended for you](/gp/help/GURRDDL9EK8KH6BL).

#### Products not yet on the Amazon store

Includes products requested by Amazon Business customers that may not be
available on Amazon store.

For more information, go to [Products not yet on Amazon
store](/gp/help/GPNBU9M8RSY7ZQKP).

**Note:** APIs are now available to automate your BPO reports. With APIs, you
have the option of depersonalizing reports to discover new categories and
brands, view up to 10,000 product recommendations, and save time with
automation.

For documentation on how to build your own API integration for BPO, go to
[Product Opportunities Report Type Values](https://developer-
docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/report-type-values-b2b-product-opportunities) and
check out the API schema available in
[GitHub](https://github.com/amzn/selling-partner-api-
models/tree/main/schemas/reports).

Report type: GET_B2B_PRODUCT_OPPORTUNITIES_RECOMMENDED_FOR_YOU

Report type: GET_B2B_PRODUCT_OPPORTUNITIES_NOT_YET_ON_AMAZON.

## Explore product recommendations with B2B product opportunities

Watch the video below to learn how to access personalized B2B product
recommendations to grow your sales:

