---
title: Bank account and credit or debit card information for your seller account
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G19791
section: General Documentation
---

When you register as a seller, you must enter a credit or debit card that will
accept international charges and that has a valid billing address located in
an [eligible country](/gp/help/G200405020). Your credit or debit card will be
billed the monthly fee (if applicable) or USD 1 (excl. VAT) for purposes of
validating the card. For more information, go to [Registration requirements by
country](/gp/help/G201468460).

Use the tool below to find out why your credit or debit card information might
be invalid and to update your credit or debit card:

You may be redirected to a financial institution to verify your card with a
security question to verify your identity, before being redirected back to
Amazon. You may need to address a separate security question to verify that
you are the card holder for each card that you provide to Amazon, and for each
market you would like to sell in.

**Note:** We may periodically run a validation check on your credit or debit
card.

## Accepted credit or debit cards

We accept the following credit or debit cards:

  * American Express
  * Diners Club
  * Discover
  * JCB
  * MasterCard
  * Visa

**Note:** We do not accept alternative charge methods, such as prepaid cards,
gift certificates, checks, or online payment systems like PayPal.

You cannot delete the credit or debit card that you designated as your primary
payment method, but you can add a new card or select a different card from the
list of cards you have entered in your seller account. You can also designate
another card as your primary payment method, in order to delete your former
primary payment method.

If you have a positive settlement balance, Amazon will deposit the money into
your bank account. We cannot transfer funds to your credit or debit card. We
may charge this credit or debit card if you have a negative settlement
balance. For verification related issues or to know how to add and delete your
credit or debit card in an Amazon store, go to [Add, delete, and verify your
credit or debit card information](/gp/help/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC).

## Bank account information

Amazon uses electronic transfers to pay out your sales proceeds. Before you
can receive payments, you have to enter bank account information into your
seller account. We cannot transfer funds to a credit/debit card or online
payment system such as PayPal.

To avoid payment delays:

  * Your seller account must have a [business address](/gp/help/841) associated with it.
  * Your bank account must be located in a country supported by the [Amazon Currency Converter](/gp/help/G200497780). 
  * Your bank account information must be up to date.

You can use the Amazon Currency Converter service to register a bank account
that is located in a different country from the store where you are selling.
For more information, go to [Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers
(ACCS)](/gp/help/G200381250).

