---
title: Booking transportation with Amazon Global Logistics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE
section: General Documentation
---

Once you have set up your [Amazon Global Logistics
profile](/gssportal/index.html), you can book transportation for your first
shipment within three to five business days.

Create an FBA shipment as usual, and then use Book Transportation in the
Send/replenish inventory workflow by following the steps further below. After
booking transportation, you will be ready to prepare your shipment and
generate box labels.

The inventory that you send to Amazon may be distributed among multiple
shipments at the MSKU level. We’ll assign each shipment to a specific
fulfillment center based on several factors, including the size and category
of the product and other fulfillment network factors. This service is provided
at no additional charge for select shipments through Amazon Global Logistics.
The destination fulfillment centers will be available after you complete your
booking.

**Note:** If you have been invited to book international transportation using
the new Send to Amazon workflow, see [Using Send to Amazon to book
transportation with Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/GV6DMTQ3AKGYUWWN) for
related guidance. If you do not see the option to use Send to Amazon, continue
using the standard Book Transportation workflow and refer to the guidance
below. You will have the opportunity to use Send to Amazon in the future.

For more information, visit these Help pages:

[Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/G200141510)

[Truckload delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/G200280270)

[Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/G200141500)

[Product compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF)

[After you book: Bill of lading, shipment tracking, and changing a
booking](/gp/help/GH34CM95UF7CCXKM)

[Paying for Amazon Global Logistics ](/gp/help/GZJ4B4HXDUEWP4PC)

[Claims and reimbursements](/gp/help/GR384ESWC8HH8667)

[Restricted products and dangerous goods (hazmat)](/gp/help/GARDA2ALG9F4BNR3)

## Booking terms

Before you book your first shipment with Amazon Global Logistics, make sure
that you understand these terms:

#### Cargo ready date

The date your cargo is ready to ship from your supplier or shipper. This date
may differ from the date that your cargo is shipped or picked up.

#### Shipping mode

The method that you choose for shipping freight: ocean full-container load
(**FCL**), ocean less-than-container load (**LCL**), or air.

#### Port of departure

The port of origin from which your cargo departs.

#### Container freight station (CFS)

The location where ocean freight is consolidated, processed, and readied for
transfer to a container yard.

#### Container yard (CY)

The location within a port where ocean freight is staged for shipment.

#### Shipping order

A document provided by the carrier confirming that a shipment has been
received.

#### Port delivery date

The date your cargo needs to be delivered to the port of departure.

#### Incoterms

Commercial terms published by the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) that
are used widely for global trade. A description of each incoterm is available
on the [ICC website](https://iccwbo.org/resources-for-business/incoterms-
rules/incoterms-rules-2010/) (note that the 2010 edition of incoterms remains
valid).

## Share shipment information and book transportation on Shipper Central

When booking transportation, you will see an option to share your shipment
information and book transportation in [Shipper
Central](https://ship.amazon.cn/freight) instead. This feature eliminates the
need for sharing shipment information via email and re-entering that
information on Shipper Central.

The Shipper Central user can be yourself or someone else. They will receive
the information directly in Shipper Central as a pending FBA shipment. You can
also withdraw shared information and restart the booking process.

To share your shipment information and book transportation in Shipper Central,
follow these steps:

  1. Click **Edit** next to **Book on Seller Central** above **Generate a cost estimate**.

  2. Select **Book on Shipper Central**.

  3. Under **Shipper Central user email** , enter the Shipper Central sign-in email of the user who will book your transportation.  Contact the Shipper Central user if you do not know their sign-in email. 

  4. Click **Confirm**.

The Shipper Central user with whom you share information will receive an email
prompting them to sign in to Shipper Central and book transportation. A
pending FBA shipment will show on the right of their dashboard.

If the email address you enter in Seller Central does not match the sign-in
address for the Shipper Central user, an email will still be sent to the
address provided. The email will include a link to Shipper Central, and the
recipient can sign in using the correct email address for their account.

If the party with whom you share shipment information does not yet have a
Shipper Central account, they will be prompted to [sign
up](https://ship.amazon.cn/freight) and provide company information (including
the business license).

To book transportation on Seller Central as usual, skip **Book on Seller
Central** and go to **Step 1 - Shipping information**.

## Step 1: Provide shipping information

Specific guidance on shipping mode (ocean FCL, ocean LCL, or air), pickup and
drop-off, and box-count requirements is listed further below.

To begin booking transportation, do the following:

  1. Use the **Send/Replenish Inventory** workflow.

  2. Select **Yes, I want to ship freight with Amazon**.

  3. Click **Continue to shipping plan**. You will be able to review your payment method and importer of record (IOR) setup.

  4. Click **Step 1 - Shipping information**.

  5. Enter your shipping information (you can also choose value-added services like palletization):
     * Shipping mode 
     * Origin location
     * [Incoterms](https://iccwbo.org/resources-for-business/incoterms-rules/incoterms-2020/)
     * Pickup or drop-off preference
     * Cargo ready date
     * Weight, volume, and box count for your shipment

**Note:** Amazon does not offer cargo insurance for shipments, but you can buy
it through a third-party insurance broker. Visit the [Service Providers
Network](/tsba) for a list of service providers.

## Pickup and drop-off options

Pickup and drop-off options vary depending on whether you ship ocean full-
container load (FCL), ocean less-than-container load (LCL), or air. Amazon can
also package and label your freight for a fee.

**Ocean FCL**

**Loaded and picked up by Amazon** : We pick up your boxes from your specified
address and load them at our container freight station.

**Loaded by shipper and picked up by Amazon** : After the shipper loads the
container, we pick it up from your specified address.

**Dropped off by shipper at Amazon’s container freight station** : After the
shipper drops off loose boxes at our CFS, we load them into the container.

**Dropped off by shipper at Amazon’s container yard** : The shipper loads the
container at its site and drop it off at the designated container yard at the
port of departure.

For more information, download our ocean container guide in
[English](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_EN.pdf), [Chinese](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_CN.pdf),
[French](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_FR.pdf), [German](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_DE.pdf),
[Italian](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_IT.pdf), or [Spanish](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_ES.pdf).

**Ocean LCL**

**Pickup** : We pick up your boxes from your specified address and load them
into the container at our Amazon origin facility, which may be a container
freight station.

**Dropped off by shipper** : After the shipper drops off loose boxes at an
address provided by Amazon, which may be a container freight station, we load
them into the container.

**Note:** Your LCL shipment will be combined with LCL shipments from other
sellers.

**Air freight**

**Pickup** : Amazon picks up your boxes from your specified address.

**Dropped off by shipper** : The shipper drops off the cargo at a location,
day, and time provided to you by Amazon.

## Coordinating shipment pickup or drop-off

For **pickup** , we will contact you to ask for your preferred loading date
once the shipping order has been released. Ocean shipping orders are generally
available seven days before the estimated departure date. Air shipping orders
are generally available the same day or next business day.

For **drop-off** , the Amazon origin facility, which may be a container
freight station, and port delivery date will be provided to you in Seller
Central once the shipping order has been released. Ocean shipping orders are
generally available seven days before the estimated departure date. Air
shipping orders are generally available the same day or the next business day.

## Box-count requirements and container sizes

To determine the number of units in your ocean LCL, ocean FCL, or air
shipment, do the following:

  

  1. Review your shipment contents while booking. 
  2. Review the number of MSKUs and units associated with your shipment. Make sure that your box count isn’t larger than the number of units.

**Additional box-count requirements for ocean FCL**

For ocean FCL shipments, the container dimensions and cargo weight **must not
exceed maximum limits** :

Container type | Typical volume cubic meters | Typical maximum cargo weight kilograms  
---|---|---  
20 feet | 25-28 | 16,400  
40 feet | 55-57 | 19,500  
40 feet high | 62-65 | 20,200  
  
**Additional box-count requirements for air**

For air shipments, the box dimensions and shipment weight **must not exceed
maximum limits** :

Type | Maximum  
---|---  
Box length | 316 cm  
Box width | 242 cm  
Box height | 180 cm  
Shipment weight | 140 metric tons  
  
## Step 2: Get a quote

You’ll get an instant quote after providing your shipment’s weight and volume.
Use the **Step 2 - Payment and costs** tab under **Generate a cost estimate**.

To help you generate an accurate quote, we recommend that you ask your
supplier or shipper for their weight and volume estimate.

**Note:** Your shipment costs will be calculated using our [posted
rates](/gssportal/index.html) at the actual time of departure, not the prices
at the time of booking. Your shipment costs may also differ if the estimated
weight and volume that you provide does not match the actual weight and
volume.

Your quote will include costs for both end-to-end freight and for import and
export customs clearance. It also includes palletization, container loading,
or both if you choose these options. Your quote **does not** include import
taxes or duties, FBA fees, or any additional costs. If Amazon is picking up
your shipment, we will contact you within 48 hours of your booking to provide
estimated pickup fees.

For more information, visit [Paying for Amazon Global
Logistics](/gp/help/GZJ4B4HXDUEWP4PC). You can also see a complete list of
rates for shipments from China to the US on the [Amazon Global Logistics
portal](/gssportal/index.html).

**Customs automation**

You may see customs automation information in your estimated costs that shows
how much you will save by providing a fixed product description, tariff code,
customs value, and other product compliance information for each ASIN in your
shipment. See **Step 6** below for more information.

If you don’t see customs automation information in your estimated costs, you
can still get a quote.

## Quotes for ocean FCL

Enter the estimated weight, volume, and box count for your shipment **and**
select the desired container size. If your shipment requires multiple
containers, click **Add another container size** , select your second
container size, and specify the quantity. Four container sizes are available:

Container type1 | Usable capacity (cubic meters) | Maximum load weight (kilograms)  
---|---|---  
20 GP | 25 | 16,329  
40 GP | 55 | 19,700  
40 HQ | 60 | 19,700  
  
1 GP stands for “general purpose.” HQ stands for “high cube.”

## Quotes for ocean LCL

Enter the estimated weight, volume, and box count for your shipment.

## Quotes for air freight

Enter the estimated weight of all the contents in your shipment. Also enter
the box dimensions and quantities for each box type: length, width, and
height.

## Step 3: Provide product descriptions

Commodity descriptions (also known as product descriptions) are required for
the items that you will ship. Use the tab **Step 3 – Product descriptions**
under **Create a booking**.

## Commodity descriptions

Clear, accurate, and detailed commodity descriptions help reduce clearance and
delivery times and ensure that your shipment complies with regulations. Vague,
inaccurate, or incomplete descriptions can result in shipment delays, customs
duties being incorrectly calculated, your shipment being held or rejected by
customs, or all of the above.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics product
compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF).

## Additional product compliance information

You may see an option to provide additional product compliance information:

  * Manufacturer and supplier, and product origin
  * Tariff classification (HTS codes)
  * Anti-dumping and countervailing duties (ADD and CVD)
  * Toxic Substance Control Act
  * Radiation-emitting devices (RAD)
  * Lacey Act

If you do not see this option, you can provide this information later in the
booking process.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics product
compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF).

## Step 4: Provide shipment contact details

Your shipment contacts are printed on your bill of lading (BOL) and help
Amazon identify the correct party to contact when questions or issues arise.
Use the **Step 4 - Contact details** tab under **Create a booking**.

Make sure the information that you provide does not include nicknames, slang,
abbreviations, or other unclear references. Below are the entities you will
list in contact details:

**Exporter of record (EOR)** : The party that coordinates origin customs
clearance and clears your cargo for export (therefore, the shipper).

China-based sellers seeking assistance with exporter of record (EOR)
requirements may find the EOR service providers listed in Amazon’s [Service
Provider Network (SPN)](/gspn?ld=ASCNAGSDirect&ref_=sc_gspn_na_hp) useful. SPN
is a directory of services offered by third parties. It includes a list of EOR
service providers in its [**International
Shipping**](/tsba/searchpage/International%20Shipping?ref_=sc_spn_hp_islst&sellFrom=US&sellIn=US)
category. Under **Value Added Service** on the left-hand side, select
**Customs Brokerage** , and then review listings for EOR services. EOR service
providers can assist sellers with EOR qualifications who prefer to use a
third-party qualified EOR title. Some EOR service providers also offer value-
added services like foreign exchange receipts, tax-refund services,
transportation services, and consulting services. All sellers can browse SPN’s
full range of services on the [SPN
website](/gspn?ld=ASCNAGSDirect&ref_=sc_gspn_na_hp).

**Note:** For shipments originating in China, your EOR must be registered with
China customs authorities and have a valid EOR number.

**Importer of record (IOR)** : The party who coordinates destination customs
clearance and clears your cargo for import.

**Note:** The IOR must be registered with US Customs and have a valid IOR
number. Amazon cannot act as the IOR for any shipment.

**Origin contact** : The party who coordinates origin activities for your
shipment like pickup and drop-off.

**Destination contact** : The party who answers questions related to delivery
at the destination (also called the “notify party”).

If your ocean shipment requires an [Importer Security Filing
(ISF)](https://www.cbp.gov/border-security/ports-entry/cargo-
security/importer-security-filing-102), you will be asked to review and
confirm the following contacts:

**ISF seller** : The party that sells cargo or agrees to sell it. This party
will likely be the FBA seller or the vendor for the FBA seller.

**ISF buyer** : The party that buys cargo or agrees to buy it. This party will
be the IOR or FBA seller.

**Consolidator** : The name and address of the party that will load the cargo
into the container, or that will arrange for the cargo to be loaded. This
party can be the shipper.

**Container-stuffing location** : The name and address of the physical
location where the cargo will be loaded into the container. This name and
address can also be the shipper’s.

You might also be asked to review and confirm an **ISF manufacturer**. This is
the party that made or assembled the cargo, or that supplied the assembled
cargo from the country of export. This party can be the shipper.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics importer setup and
customs compliance](/gp/help/GASFW4BD897LNTNN) and [Amazon Global Logistics
product compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF).

## Step 5: Review importer of record (IOR) setup

You can review your IOR information in the **Step 5 - Review** tab under
**Create a booking**. If your information is approved, click **Confirm
booking**. If necessary, **Manage your shipping profile** and update your IOR
information.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics importer setup and
customs compliance](/gp/help/GASFW4BD897LNTNN).

## Step 6: Shipping documents

Manage and monitor the documents required for your shipment in the **Step 6 -
Shipping documents** tab under **Manage your booking**.

**Note:** You may be able to provide fixed product compliance information in
Step 6. “Fixed” means that product descriptions will apply to your future
shipments. You can then adjust and correct entries. If you cannot yet provide
fixed product compliance information, provide this information later in the
shipping process.

**Product compliance**

If you previously provided fixed product compliance information for all of the
ASINs in your current shipment, you can skip this portion of Step 6.

If you haven’t provided fixed product compliance information for one or more
ASINs in your current shipment, your compliance status in Step 6 will show as
incomplete. You will then be prompted to manage compliance.

Enter product compliance information using the tabs at the top of the
workflow: **Manage compliance** and **Upload file for compliance**. When your
compliance information is complete, click **Manage compliance.** You can then
manage and monitor the documents required for your shipment (see below).

**Manage compliance**

Under **Manage compliance** , you’ll see a compliance status for your ASINs
that indicates how many are complete, broker coordinated, or incomplete.

You can add compliance information for any ASIN with an incomplete status. You
can also add compliance information for multiple ASINs at once by clicking
**Bulk action**. Required information includes manufacturer (or supplier),
product origin, HTS code, customs value, and any information about standard
import regulations and requirements. Once all the required information is
entered, click **Submit**.

After compliance information has been submitted for an ASIN, you may have the
option to copy it to other ASINs. In the pop-up window, click **Apply** , then
click **Save** or **Save all** to confirm.

After you’ve provided compliance information, you can edit it at any time
before the customs entry is filed. For ocean shipments, this is generally five
days before arrival. For air freight, this is generally one day after
departure.

**Upload file for compliance**

For selected ASINs, use a template to add or edit product compliance
information. This information includes manufacturer, product origin, product
description, HTS code, and customs value.

You may also be able to use a template to provide additional information about
standard import regulations and requirements. Under **Upload file for
compliance** , click **Generate a template**. Complete the template, then
upload the file and monitor its status in your submission history.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics product
compliance](/gp/help/G63ELGKVHKN2NPTF).

**Customs and shipping documents**

Some documents are automatically generated for you:

  * Commercial invoice
  * Packing list
  * Bill of lading (BOL)

If required, also upload these documents:

  * Shipping instructions
  * Freight-forwarder’s cargo receipt
  * Letter of guarantee

You will see a due date next to any document that requires your review or that
requires you to download a template and upload a completed copy. Note that
when **Review** or **Upload** is grayed out, the document in question is not
yet ready. Once the document is complete, click **View**.

For more information, visit [Amazon Global Logistics importer setup and
customs compliance](/gp/help/ASFW4BD897LNTNN).

