---
title: Box-Level Inventory Placement
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWK3VTXZ9W5LHMEN
section: General Documentation
---

Box-level inventory placement helps to improve the distribution of your
products across Amazon’s fulfillment network. For eligible inventory that you
send to Amazon, we use your box-level information to streamline shipping to
fulfillment centers so that your products are stored closer to customers. Box-
level inventory placement applies to small parcel shipments.

The box content information that you provide, determines whether your shipment
is eligible for box-level placement. Eligible shipments are separated into
multiple box groups, with each group sharing the same destination address.
There is no additional cost to you.

If box-level placement applies to your shipment, **Multiple destinations**
will appear under the **Ship to** heading in your shipping plan.  You create
and track shipments as you normally would and do not have to send to multiple
destinations.

**Note:** Your shipping plan may take a few minutes to update. Don’t close
your browser until the update is complete.

## Partnered-carrier shipments

For [partnered-carrier](/gp/help/G201119120) shipments, we work with the
carrier to handle your shipment, with no impact on your carrier operations and
costs. Your shipping labels will show different fulfillment centers, allowing
the partnered carrier to streamline the shipping of your products by box
group.

**Note:** Box-level inventory placement is not yet available for shipments via
a non-partnered carrier. We will notify you when these shipments are available
for box-level placement.

## Shipment tracking

To track your Box-level inventory placement shipments, do the following:

  1. Go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/ssof/shipping-queue.html).

  2. Click **Track shipment** for the relevant shipment to go to **Shipment events** tab.

