---
title: Brand Registry FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G7XU99JWVLB645MU
section: General Documentation
---

## What types of user roles are available on Brand Registry?

There are two types of user roles on Brand Registry: protection roles and
selling roles. The protection roles include the Administrator, Rights Owner,
and Registered Agent. The selling roles include Brand Representative and
Reseller.

For more information about protection roles, go to [Brand Registry protection
roles](/help/hub/reference/GCF9UE9VGKGA2W5F). For more information about
selling roles, go to [Brand Registry selling
roles](/help/hub/reference/GJ84K745AL3R5N3Q).

## I am an Administrator. How do I add or remove protection roles associated
with my brand?

**Note:** Before you can assign a protection role, each user must create a
Brand Registry account and accept the terms and conditions. Users that already
have a Seller or Vendor Central account with Amazon can create a Brand
Registry account with the same credentials. If a user is no longer associated
with your brand, be sure to remove their protection roles to avoid potential
complications.

First, click the gear icon at the top of the page, and then select **User
permissions**. All of the protection roles that are associated with your
brands are listed here.

  * **To manage existing protection roles** : Click **Manage** next to each user. Check or uncheck protection roles for the account you want to modify under your selected brands.
  * **To add new protection roles** : Click **Invite a user to your brand** and fill in the required information. Then, click **Send invitation**. The new users are required to accept the invitation in order to be granted a protection role.

For more information, go to [Brand Registry protection
roles](/help/hub/reference/GCF9UE9VGKGA2W5F?ref=brnav_to_helpcenter).

## I am an Administrator. How do I receive selling benefits, such as A+
Content and Brand Stores, for my brands?

If you are a seller, follow these steps in Brand Registry:  

  1. Go to **Manage** in the main menu and click **Manage selling accounts** , then **Connect a selling account**.
  2. Select **Brand Representative**.
  3. Find your Seller Central account under the **Selling account** drop-down menu.
  4. Select one of your brands under the **Brand name** drop-down menu.
  5. Click **Connect selling account**.

If you are a vendor, you must contact your vendor manager to receive selling
benefits.

For more information, go to [Brand Registry selling
roles](/help/hub/reference/GJ84K745AL3R5N3Q).

## I am an Administrator. How do I assign roles to selling partners so that
they may access benefits, such as A+ Content and Brand Stores, for my brands?

For sellers, follow these steps in Brand Registry:  

  1. Go to **Manage** in the main menu and click **Manage selling accounts** , then **Connect a selling account**.
  2. Choose the selling role:
     * **Brand Representative** : Select **Other Account** and provide a merchant token.
     * **Reseller** : Provide a merchant token for the seller that you want to invite.
  3. Choose one of your registered brands.
  4. Click **Connect selling account**.

The seller will receive an email with instructions to accept the invitation
through Seller Central. Once they've accepted, the selling role will show as
active in the **Connected** tab on the **Manage selling accounts** page.

Vendors must contact their vendor manager to request selling benefits.

## I’m an Administrator. How do I remove my brand from Brand Registry?

You can close your account by following these steps in Brand Registry:  

  1. Click the gear icon at the top of the page and select **User permissions**.
  2. If there are other Administrators associated with your brand, search for their names on the **Connected user** list. Remove them as Administrators by following these instructions for each user:  

    1. Click **Manage**.
    2. Uncheck the box under **Administrator** next to the brand name.
    3. Click **Update** , then **Confirm changes**.
    4. Click **Done**.
  3. Find your own name in the list of connected users and uncheck the box next to **Administrator**.

You will then see a pop-up warning message that will provide you with two
links: one for granting permissions to a new Administrator and the other for
proceeding with your removal request.

If you opt to proceed with your removal request, the link will lead you to a
confirmation page. Confirming the changes will remove all existing users from
the brand and remove the brand from Brand Registry. The brand can only be
reactivated on Brand Registry if it is claimed by a valid Rights Owner for the
brand.

## I’m not an Administrator, and I no longer wish to be a part of a brand with
which I have a selling or protection role. How can I remove myself?

If you are assigned to a selling role for a brand and you want to discontinue
your association with the brand, you must contact the Administrator directly
and ask to be removed. If you're unable to contact the Administrator, you can
contact either Brand Registry Support or Selling Partner Support to help you
through the process of being removed from the brand.

## The current Administrator has left the company or is no longer associated
with the brand. How can I update the Administrator?

If there are no active Administrators for the brand, there are a couple of
ways to request access to the brand.

**Option 1** : If you have at least one other brand that is already enrolled
in Brand Registry and you can access the Brand Registry site, then you can
submit your request via Brand Registry Support. Select **Update brand
ownership** as the topic. Your request will be reviewed, and you will receive
a response accordingly.

**Option 2** : You can attempt to apply for Brand Registry with the same
trademark number as a currently enrolled brand. Once you enter the already
registered trademark number, a warning will appear, offering a link to a form
for sharing your contact information. Click the link to access the **Share
Contact Information** form. At the bottom of the form, there’s a link
available only for eligible users, leading to an **Appeal Submission** form.
If your appeal succeeds, you'll be added to the brand with the Administrator
and the Rights Owner roles.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Vendor_Editorial/faq_appeal_submission_form.png)

## When I was applying for a new brand, I received a message that my
application was declined because I am involved in abusive conduct on your
websites. What can I do?

First, check your seller account health in Seller Central. Go to the main menu
and select **Performance** and then [Account Health](/performance/dashboard).
If your seller account is labeled “At risk” or “Unhealthy,” select
**Performance notifications** to review your account-related issues and work
with Selling Partner Support to address any questions. If your account is
currently deactivated, you may appeal the action taken by clicking
**Reactivate your account**. Remember to check this information for all
accounts in all stores.

If your selling account is in “Healthy” status, you can appeal the application
rejection by completing the form that was provided to you in your initial
rejection. You can also access the form in Brand Registry by going to
**Manage** , selecting Brand Applications, and then clicking **Ineligible**
next to the brand application that was declined.

## I’m an Administrator, and I tried to add additional protection roles to my
brand through the User Permissions tool. However, the new users received a
message that the request cannot be completed because they've been involved in
abusive conduct. What can I do?

The user who receives this message must review their seller account health in
Seller Central by going to **Performance** in the main menu and then selecting
[Account Health](/performance/dashboard). If the seller's account is labeled
“At risk” or “Unhealthy,” the seller must select **Performance notifications**
to review their account-related issues and work with Selling Partner Support
to address any questions. If the account is currently deactivated, they may
appeal the deactivation by clicking **Reactivate your account**. They must
check this information for all of their accounts in all stores.

If the seller's account is in “Healthy” status, they can appeal the rejection
by completing the form that was provided to them in their initial application.
They can also access the form in Brand Registry by going to **Manage** ,
selecting Brand Applications and then clicking **Ineligible** next to the
brand application that was declined.

## I’m an Administrator. When an associated seller tried to request selling
benefits such as A+ Content and Brand Stores for my brand, they received a
message stating that the request cannot be completed because they've been
involved in abusive conduct. What can I do?

The user who receives this message must review their seller account health in
Seller Central by going to **Performance** in the main menu and then selecting
[Account Health](/performance/dashboard). If the seller's account is labeled
“At risk” or “Unhealthy,” the seller must select **Performance notifications**
to review their account-related issues and work with Selling Partner Support
to address any questions. If the account is currently deactivated, they may
appeal the deactivation by clicking **Reactivate your account**. They must
check this information for all of their accounts in all stores.

If the seller's account is in “Healthy” status, they can appeal the rejection
by completing the form that was provided to them in their initial application.
They can also access the form in Brand Registry by going to **Manage** ,
selecting Brand Applications and then clicking **Ineligible** next to the
brand application that was declined.

## When trying to enroll my brand, I was notified that the trademark is
already enrolled. What can I do?

If a trademark is already enrolled in Brand Registry, you must contact the
brand’s Administrator to request to be added as an additional user.

If you are unsure who to contact or if the current Administrator is inactive,
you can continue to apply for Brand Registry with the same trademark of the
brand that is currently enrolled. If you are an eligible user, you’ll have the
opportunity during the application process to share your contact information
with the Administrator.

If there is an active Administrator, they will use this information to add
your Brand Registry account to the brand, if they choose to do so. If the
Administrator is inactive, click **use this form** (see screenshot) to submit
your request form. Note that the link to the Appeal Submission form will only
be visible to eligible users.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Vendor_Editorial/faq_share_contact_information_with_circle.PNG)

