---
title: Brand Registry application step-by-step guide
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GRWHD3TXWAVKUT86
section: General Documentation
---

# Brand Registry application step-by-step guide

This guide describes the standard Brand Registry enrollment process.

To be eligible for Amazon Brand Registry, your brand must have a registered or
pending trademark in a country where you want to enroll. If you want to sell
your products in more than one store, you can add additional country-specific
trademarks to your account once your application has been approved.

If your brand doesn’t have a trademark, [Amazon IP
Accelerator](https://brandservices.amazon.com/ipaccelerator) can help
facilitate your trademark application.

**Note:** This guide describes the standard Brand Registry enrollment process.
Your application may be subject to enhanced verification procedures, which may
require additional information.

## Enroll your brand

  

  1. Go to the Brand Registry site, and in the top navigation bar, click **Manage** and then **Enroll a brand**.
  2. In the box labeled **I have a pending or registered trademark** , select **Enroll your brand**.

## Brand information

  

  1. Under **Brand information** , enter your brand name, upload an image of your brand logo, and select the trademark office associated with your brand. The information that you provide must exactly match the details that you provided on your trademark application. 
  2. Enter your trademark number. If you see a button labeled **Verify** , click it to automatically validate your trademark. Note that the option to automatically validate is only available for certain trademark offices. If you don’t see the **Verify** button, manually select the status and type of your trademark. 
  3. After you add your trademark details, you may be asked, "Do you own the trademark of the brand for which you are submitting the application?” Select the option that best suits your situation. 
     * **Yes, I own the trademark** : Select if you are the owner of the trademark and you don’t require any external approval for its use.
     * **No, I do not own the trademark but I have authorization from the trademark owner** : Select if you don’t own the trademark but you have a letter from the trademark owner stating that you are allowed to represent and manage the brand.
     * **No, I do not own the trademark but I have a licensee agreement/contract with the trademark owner** : Select if you don’t own the trademark but have a legal contract with the trademark owner to represent and manage the brand. This is a formal document that might include the start and end date of the agreement and other contractual elements agreed between the trademark owner and yourself or your company.
  4. Depending on your answer, you’ll be asked to upload one of the following documents: proof of your trademark ownership, a copy of the authorization letter from the trademark owner, or a copy of the licensing arrangement/contract with the trademark owner.

## Product information

  

  1. Complete the additional product information. 
  2. Under **Product images** , upload at least one image of your product or product packaging. There are three main requirements for these images:
     * The image must be an actual photo of the product. If an application is submitted with a mockup or digitally altered image, the brand may be subject to additional scrutiny and, in some cases, removal from the program. 
     * The image must clearly display your brand name.
     * The image must show that your brand name is permanently affixed to the product or product packaging.

## Selling partner account information

Select all selling partner definitions that apply to your business
relationship with Amazon:

  * **Seller:** You have a Seller Central account, and you sell products directly to customers. You either fulfill orders yourself or use the Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) program.
  * **Vendor:** You have a Vendor Central account, and you sell your products to Amazon as a third party. If you select this option, you will be asked to provide the five-character vendor code associated with your account.
  * **Neither:** Either you want to register your brand without connecting your Seller or Vendor Central account, or you don’t currently have a selling partner relationship with Amazon.

## Manufacturing and distribution information

You may be asked to select one of two options that best describes the current
manufacturing arrangement for your brand:

  * If you select the option stating that you have your own manufacturing setup for your brand, you’ll have the opportunity to upload a document that qualifies you as a manufacturer.
  * If you select the option stating that you have an agreement, contract, or relationship with a third-party manufacturer for your brand, you will be required to upload proof of the arrangement between your brand and the third-party manufacturer.

For either option, you’ll be asked to upload a copy of any recent sourcing,
manufacturing, or supply invoices that were published in the last six months
and contain one or more of the brand's product names, ensuring that sensitive
data is hidden.

## Distribution and licensee information

  

  1. Answer the questions about distribution and licensing information. If you brand is eligible, we'll use this information to enable proactive protections. 
  2. Click **Submit** to complete the application. 

## Application review

After submitting your application, you'll receive a confirmation message
indicating its current review status.

Throughout the application review process, we may reach out to a contact
person who meets our verification criteria. They'll receive a verification
code, which you must then return to us to finalize enrollment.

To submit the verification code, go to the [Brand
applications](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/brand/enrollment/manage/applications)
page, select the application's case ID, and respond to the case with the
verification code within 10 days.

For additional details about the application process, go to [Brand Registry
application process](/help/hub/reference/GN2GYQVPR7R4VMPB).

