---
title: Brazil Tax and Regulatory Considerations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GRZ98MCDWLNVENBC
section: General Documentation
---

For a smooth logistical operation, hire an operator experienced in shipping to
Brazil. If necessary, consult Amazon's Service Provider Network. In **Apps and
Services** > **Explore Services** search for the type of service
**International Shipping**. Finally, be aware of the requirements below:  

  1. Brazilian regulatory requirements and Amazon policies
  2. Duties and fees
  3. Last mile postal fee
  4. Tax ID (CPF) requirement for international purchases
  5. Transit time
  6. Returns, refunds and complaints to sales partners outside Brazil

## Brazilian regulatory requirements and Amazon policies

It is within seller's responsibility to ensure that all offers and products
are in compliance with federal, state, and local laws, as well as with Amazon
policies that apply to those products and offers. If necessary, sellers can
seek external assistance from the Amazon Service Provider Network under **Apps
and Services** > **Explore Services** . To learn more about restrictions on
categories, products and offers on Amazon.com.br, visit the help page
[Category, product, and listing restrictions](/gp/help/G200301050). To learn
more about products with restricted offer in Brazil for sellers from out of
the country, visit the help page [Products restricted in Brazil for listing by
Out of Country Sellers](/gp/help/G5TLE3QHMFDQZG3Y).

To comply with Brazilian customs regulation, sellers must guarantee that:

  

  1. All the information necessary for carriers to complete customs clearance in Brazil is shared before the package arrives in Brazil, so that the _Declaração de Importação de Remessa (DIR)_ is submitted to Brazilian Customs 48 hours before the package physically arrives in the country (for postal shipments) or two hours before the package physically arrives in the country (for courier shipments).
  2. Any amount collected for import tax and ICMS (state level tax) are remitted to carriers for customs clearance of packages.

## Duties and fees

When shipping internationally to Brazil, sellers are responsible for paying
all duties and taxes due in Brazil to the carrier, which passes the amounts on
to the Brazilian customs authorities before the item arrives physically in the
country. After the purchase is concluded, customers will not be subject to any
additional costs related to duties and taxes. Customers don't need to pay any
additional fees either.

Sellers who break these shipping rules may have their accounts suspended.
Physical books are exempt from import taxes in Brazil, so they are an
exception to the above rule, and should always be sent using the DDU method.

## Last mile postal fee

Last mile postal fee is a fixed BRL 15 fee charged by Correios in
international deliveries to cover expenses for product inspection, order
release, and internal transportation expenses. This fee is charged to
customers when their shimpments arrive in Brazilian territory. Sellers must
negotiate with their carriers a shipping method that does not collect this fee
from the customer. Shipments that charge the last mile postal fee impair
customer experience and can lead to the suspension of sellers' accounts.

## Tax ID (CPF) requirement for international purchases

Brazil Customs requires transmission of customers CPF (Brazilian tax ID) along
with their name and address in orders sent from outside of Brazil to
destinations in the country. The inclusion of the CPF has been a requirement
since January 1, 2020. If this information is not available, entry of the
package into Brazil may be denied and it will be disposed of or returned to
the country of origin.

#### How to obtain consumer's CPF?

Consumer's CPF is available in 3 ways:

Manage Orders: At Seller Central, access menu **Orders** > **Manage Orders** .
Access the details by clicking at the order's number. CPF will be available at
Buyer CPF, within More Details.

Order Reports: At Seller Central, access menu **Orders** > **Order Reports** .
It is possible to obtain reports for new, unshipped and archived orders.
Request a new report selecting the date range and clicking at Request or
schedule periodical reports by selecting the frequency for generation and
clicking at Schedule. Check the report that you need at the generated list and
click at Download.

Integration: Customer's CPF is also available to seller via API. The developer
must use the field Orders API, ListOrders operation, <BuyerTaxInfo> node.
Documentation is available through the link [Amazon Marketplace Web Service
Documentation](http://docs.developer.amazonservices.com/en_US/orders-2013-09-01/Orders_ListOrders.html).
If this field is not available for you, ask your integrator to contact [Amazon
Services support](https://developer.amazonservices.com/support) and request
access to the PII (Personally Identifiable Information) with Tax Role. Justify
the need for this access when opening the contact. Integrator must complete a
PII protection requirements form, according to the support instructions.

## Transit Time

Total transit time for packages sent from out of Brazil can vary from 5 to
more than 60 days, depending on the shipping method and the chosen logistics
operator. This time takes into account the preparation of the package, transit
in the country of origin, international transit, processing through Brazilian
customs and domestic transit in Brazil. It is recommended that the sales
partner start operations with a delivery time of 19-35 business days for
products shipped from China. 20-28 business days for products shipped from the
United States and make adjustments to the shipping settings according to
observed actual shipping time. To learn how to create, edit or delete shipping
templates, see the page below.

[Create, edit, or delete shipping
templates](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/help.html?itemID=/gp/help/G201834090)

## Returns, refunds and complaints to sales partners outside Brazil

Product returns and refunds must be in accordance with Brazilian law. See the
help page below to understand basic consumer rights in Brazil. The consumer
can request the return of the product or claim the guarantee from A to Z
before receiving the product in case of collection of taxes and customs fees
upon arrival of the order in Brazil. It is partner's responsibility to agree
with his carrier how product returns will be managed in these cases.

  * [Primary consumer rights in Brazil](/gp/help/202095010)

At the time of purchase, consumers are informed about the customs process for
orders sent from outside Brazil. Therefore, negative consumer feedbacks and
A-to-Z guarantees claimed due to charges of customs duties and taxes can be
disregarded when measuring account performance. If the partner's order defect
rate is affected by cases like this, the partner can appeal by following the
procedures outlined in the help pages below.

  * [Order Defect Rate](/gp/help/G200285170)
  * [About A-to-Z Guarantee claims](/gp/help/G27951)
  * [Appeal an A-to-Z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/G202041210)
  * [About Feedback Manager](/gp/help/761)

