---
title: Brazil account information for international sellers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQTC9UF6KAEVDWK9
section: General Documentation
---

Sign-in and password, for a sellerâ€™s account, for United States Seller Central
and Brazil Seller Central are the same. To switch between accounts, just
select Amazon.com.br from the Seller Central top menu. After selecting your
Amazon.com.br account, make the following adjustments:

  

  1. Deposit methods
  2. Terms and conditions for conversion and transfer of values
  3. Business address
  4. Official registered address

## Deposit methods for international sellers

Sellers from Brazil must have a bank account in the United States associated
with their Amazon.com.br account. Amazon uses wire transfers to pay sales
amounts to you. Before receiving payments, your seller account must specify a
bank account for us to deposit money. We do not transfer funds to savings
accounts, credit cards or online payment systems like PayPal. To learn how to
add, change or delete a bank account, go to [Bank account and credit or debit
card information for your seller account](/gp/help/G19791).

## Terms and conditions for conversion and transfer of values

Payments to sellers from Brazil on Amazon.com.br are made to a bank account
located in the United States of America in US dollars (USD). You must accept
the terms and conditions for conversion and transfer of values in **Settings**
> **Account Info** > **Deposit Methods** . The contract will specify the rules
used for currency conversion and fees charged by the service provider that
executes the transactions.

## Address of sellers from Brazil

The business address registered on Amazon.com.br of international sellers must
be in the United States or China (mainland). You must associate a business
address and an official registered address with your Amazon.com.br account. To
check or change your business address, go to **Settings** > **Account Info** >
**Business Address** . To check or change your official registered address, go
to **Settings** > **Account Info** > **Official Registered Address** .

Your address shall be made publicly available to customers at Amazon.com.br.

## Monthly fees and referral fees

You will not be charged another monthly subscription fee, as this has already
been charged to the original account. Amazon.com.br referral fees (commission)
are different from fees charged in other countries. For more information, go
to [Selling on Amazon fee schedule](gp/help/G200336920).

