---
title: Buy Shipping preferences
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202086070
section: General Documentation
---

You can set Buy Shipping preferences for your shipping labels bought on Amazon
Buy Shipping in Seller Central. By entering preferences, you can decrease the
time that it takes to buy each shipping label.

**Note:** If you choose to [buy shipping labels in bulk](/gp/help/202168950),
we recommend setting up your Amazon Buy Shipping preferences before buying
shipping labels in bulk.

To learn more about how to buy shipping labels, go to [Buy Shipping through
Seller Central](/gp/help/200202280).

**Note:** These preferences don't apply to seller-fulfilled API. For more
information, go to [Buy Shipping using the Merchant Fulfillment
API](/gp/help/201950090).

To set your preferences:

  * Click the **Settings** icon.
  * Click **Account Info**.
  * Click [Buy Shipping Preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences) under **Shipping and Returns Information**.

## Manage your ship-from locations

  

  1. Click **\+ Add new address** or **Edit**.
  2. Enter your ship-from locations. Include complete addresses and time zones.
  3. Select a default shipping location. Once complete, you will be able to set Buy Shipping preferences.

**Note:** The changes made here will be reflected under your [Shipping
Settings](/sbr#settings).

## Preferences for all ship-from locations

**Package types:**

If you frequently ship packages of the same size, you can create custom
package types to choose from when you buy labels on Amazon Buy Shipping. This
will save you time since you won't have to repeatedly enter the package
dimensions for every order. You can also enter a name for the package type to
make it easier to identify when you use Amazon Buy Shipping.

**Confirmation settings:**

Select your preferred method for receiving confirmations.

**Insurance settings:**

Insurance preferences allow you to set optional insurance settings for all of
your shipments or only for shipments over a defined package value. These
settings will apply to all shipments, regardless of which location or
warehouse they are shipped from.

To learn more, go to [Enter Buy Shipping preferences for all shipping
locations](/gp/help/202143620).

## Manage your carrier accounts

Amazon charges shipping and related services to your seller account. If you
have an account with one of the listed carriers, you can connect your carrier
account to Amazon Buy Shipping, allowing you to access your own negotiated
rates with carriers while still getting the account protection benefits that
Amazon Buy Shipping offers. Based on this prioritization, Amazon Buy Shipping
will sort the available shipping services by the lowest-cost service that can
reliably deliver by the required delivery date.

For more information on managing or linking your carrier accounts, go to
[Manage your carrier accounts](/gp/help/200785170).

**Note:** Some carriers allow you to change your printing preferences for the
layout of shipping labels. On the **Amzon Buy Shipping** page, select a
carrier and any optional services. If available, click **Label print
orientation**. For more information about printing a new label, go to [Reprint
a shipping label](/gp/help/200202250).

