---
title: Buy shipping in bulk
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202168950
section: General Documentation
---

The **Buy Shipping in bulk** feature can help you process labels faster by
giving you the option to buy up to 100 labels at once.

If you choose to buy labels in bulk, you must set up all [Buy Shipping
preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences). To learn more, go to the [Buy
Shipping preferences](/gp/help/G202086070) help page.

**Important:** You cannot Buy Shipping in bulk for the following order types.

  * International orders including Army Post Office (APO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO)
  * Multiple labels for a single order
  * Orders that have shipping label refunded and are "Label canceled" status
  * Shipments from China

Refer to [Buy Sipping through Seller Central](/gp/help/G200202280) for these
individual order types.

To buy labels using Buy Shipping in bulk, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to [Manage Orders](/gp/orders-v2/), then click the **Unshipped** tab to select orders for bulk shipping. 

**Note:** Use the **Quick filters** link on the **[Manage
Orders](/gp/orders-v2/)** page to filter orders and select those that you want
to buy shipping for in bulk.

  2. To select all orders, click the checkbox next to **Order Date**. You can also manually select individual orders from the list.
  3. Click **Buy Shipping in bulk** in the action bar on top.
  4. On the **Buy Shipping in bulk** page:   

    1. Update the weight and dimensions for the order under the **Weight and packaging** column. 

**Note:** You can only select from package types stored within [Buy Shipping
preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences) or add a new package for your
orders.

    2. Verify the **Shipping Service**. The pre-selected shipping service is based on carrier shipping services that historically meet the delivery promise to the customer, your carrier preferences, and the lowest available cost. You can select a different service by clicking **Change**. If you want to set a different default shipping service, update your carrier preference.
    3. Verify **Declared value / Delivery confirmation**. The delivery confirmation and declared value settings are defined based on your preferences. You can update these values within [Buy Shipping preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences) as well.
    4. At the bottom of the page, select the label print orientation, ship-from location, and ship date that you want for your labels.
       * If one-click printing is enabled with QZ Tray, you will see an additional drop-down option to select the printer you would like to use to print your shipping labels. When you click **Buy Shipping** and buy your labels, they will be immediately sent to your selected printer for printing.
       * You can also set default printer preferences to automatically assign a printer for each supported label format: PDF, PNG, and ZPL.
    5. Click **Buy shipping****to buy your shipping labels**. All labels will be downloaded to your computer in a zip file.

**Tip:** Typically, the downloaded zip file will be in your **Downloads**
folder, but could be saved elsewhere depending on your computer’s settings.

When you're finished, you will be automatically redirected to the **Manage
Orders** page where you will see a confirmation list of all orders with a
successfully bought shipping label and any orders that may have had an issue.

## Printing your shipping labels

There are two ways to print the shipping labels you bought with the **Buy
Shipping in bulk** feature:

**One-click printing with QZ Tray**

The easiest and most efficient way to print your shipping labels is to enable
one-click printing by downloading QZ Tray. QZ Tray is a third-party solution
that is now integrated directly with Amazon Buy Shipping. With QZ Tray
installed, your labels will print from your desired printer as soon as they
are bought with Buy Shipping, saving you time. For more information about QZ
Tray and how to install it, visit the [QZ
Tray](/help/hub/reference/GKULTMACW6HHP7AD) help page. A zip file containing
all the labels you bought will also download to your computer, even when you
have one-click printing with QZ Tray enabled. This will save the labels for
your own reference or for reprinting as needed.

**Manual printing from the zip file without QZ Tray**

When you buy labels using the **Buy Shipping in bulk** feature, the label
image files will be downloaded and saved to your computer in a zip file. **If
you do not have QZ Tray installed for one-click printing** , follow these
instructions to print your labels:

  

  1. Unzip and Open the compressed zip file that contains the labels you would like to print. Typically, this will be in your **Downloads** folder, but could be saved elsewhere depending on your computer’s settings.
  2. Select all of the individual label files that are in the zip folder by clicking **Edit > Select All** from the menu bar, then click **File > Print** from the menu bar to print them.

**Tip:** Keyboard shortcuts can make this process even faster. Use **ctrl-A**
(command-A on Mac) to select all the label files in the zip folder. Then use
**ctrl-P** (command-P on a Mac) to print all the labels at once.

  3. Complete the steps in the print dialog to select your desired printer, then click **Print**.

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

#### Why does my selected label print orientation change when I change the
shipping service for one of my orders?

Not all carriers and shipping services support the same label print
orientations. You will only see label print orientations that are supported by
all of the shipping services you have selected for your bulk orders. If you
change the shipping service on one of your orders and the label print
orientation you selected can no longer be supported, you will be required to
select a new label print format, or select another shipping service, or remove
an order from the list before you can Buy Shipping in bulk and print your
labels.

If there are no label print orientations that are supported by all of the
shipping services you have chosen, you will see an error message instructing
you to select a different shipping service, or remove an order from your list
before you can Buy Shipping and print your labels. Any order you remove from
the list will remain in your Unshipped tab on the **Manage Orders** page for
you to fulfill.

#### Can I buy labels from multiple different carriers or carrier shipping
services in one batch?

Yes! When purchasing labels with the **Buy Shipping in bulk** feature, you
have the option to set a unique shipping service for each order in your batch.
You are not required to use the same carrier or shipping service for all the
orders in your list. You can also set unique package dimensions, package
weight, declared value, and delivery confirmation options for each order.

#### Can I choose a different label print orientation for each of the orders
I’ve selected for bulk label buying?

No. When buying labels with the **Buy Shipping in bulk** feature, you have to
choose one label print orientation that will be used for all the labels bought
in your batch. This means that if you are using multiple different carriers,
they must share at least one common label print orientation, otherwise you
will be prompted to select a different shipping service or remove some orders
from your batch to process separately. All your selected orders will also need
to have the same ship from location and ship date.

