---
title: Buy with Prime lending program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GY28S6RDW7Z4N5NS
section: General Documentation
---

## Buy with Prime lending program

Buy with Prime lending is an invite-only program that provides access to
capital for eligible Buy with Prime merchants to accelerate growth of your
business.

## Are loan invitations from the Buy with Prime lending program available to
all merchants?

This is an invite-only financing option available to eligible Buy with Prime
merchants.

## Which loan products are offered?

The Buy with Prime lending program offers a term loan product. Term loan is
nonrevolving, lump-sum funding with a specified quarterly payback period of 3,
6, 9, or 12 months.

## How is this loan invitation different from any Amazon Lending loan
invitations my business may receive?

You can use loan proceeds with a loan from the Buy with Prime lending program,
to grow your ecommerce business with Buy with Prime. If you’re an eligible
Amazon seller, you can also apply for the Amazon Lending term loan product to
support your ecommerce business on Amazon.

## How do I check if my business is eligible to apply for this loan?

If your business is eligible to apply for this loan, you’ll receive an email
invitation to apply. Additionally, you will see details about the loan from
the Buy with Prime lending program on the Seller Central [financing options
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/lending/ph/offers).

## Can I apply for loans from both the Buy with Prime lending program and
Amazon Lending at the same time?

Yes, if eligible your business can apply for an Amazon Lending loan to support
your selling business on the Amazon online store and a loan from the Buy with
Prime lending program to grow your DTC business with Buy with Prime. If
approved, you can accept both the loans at the same time.

## How long does it take to process an application?

Once an application is submitted, we take an average of five business days to
review your business’s application and provide a loan decision. As part of our
application due diligence process, we may require additional documentation or
information to approve your business’s loan. Additional processing time will
be required to complete this review.

## How does loan repayment work?

You can set up an automatic ACH loan repayment to debit from your bank
account, or you can resubmit payments through manual ACH, check, or wire as
outlined in the terms of your loan agreement.

## What happens after I activate automatic ACH payments?

Automatic ACH payments are initiated one day before the current monthly
payment becomes due. Automatic ACH payments work the same as any other ACH
payment. Amazon doesn’t charge for enrolling in automatic ACH but check with
your bank for any additional fees.

## What happens after I deactivate automatic ACH payments?

You will not be enrolled in automatic ACH payments and must make other
arrangements for payment such as manual ACH, wires, or checks to avoid late
interest.

## How do I make a check payment?

Check payments take a minimum of two weeks to process. Mail all check payments
to: ACP Special Projects, Attention: Amazon Capital Services–Lending, 2646
Rainier Ave. South, Suite 1020, Seattle, WA 98144. To ensure the check payment
is processed in a timely manner, send the check details–loan number, check
number, dollar amount, sending organization, and delivery tracking details to
[buywithprime-lending@amazon.com](mailto:buywithprime-lending@amazon.com).

## How do I make a wire payment?

Wire payments might take up to two weeks to process. Send all wire payments
to: Wells Fargo, 420 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California 94104,
Attention: Amazon Services, LLC. Account Number: 9832247960 Routing Number:
121000248. To ensure the wire payment is processed in a timely manner, send
the wire details–loan number, dollar amount, sending organization and delivery
tracking details to [buywithprime-lending@amazon.com](mailto:buywithprime-
lending@amazon.com).

For more information about the Buy with Prime lending program, contact
[buywithprime-lending@amazon.com](mailto:buywithprime-lending@amazon.com).

