---
title: California Department of Pesticide Regulation (CDPR)
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GX2ZFS3DLL64ULGW
section: General Documentation
---

In addition to the federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) requirements
on the sale of pesticides in the United States, further requirements apply for
sales on certain pesticides products at the state level. The CDPR requires
registration of pesticides sold in the state of California, except for Minimum
Risk pesticides. These products are exempted from CDPR registration, provided
they meet a set of conditions established by the US EPA through the Federal
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) and the California Code of
State Regulations.

Amazon checks pesticide products to confirm whether they are registered in the
state of California or meets CDPR Minimum Risk conditions for exemption.
Pesticide products that are not registered in California and do not meet
exemption requirements cannot be sold into California.

For details on how to register products with the CDPR or Minimum Risk
exemption requirements, consult the [CDPR
website](https://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/registration/manual/guidance.pdf).

In addition, the State of California collects a Mill Assessment fee on the
sales of registered pesticides. For sales of registered pesticides into the
state of California, you will be required to pay the Mill Assessment to the
CDPR. You can connect with your tax or regulatory advisor or contact the CDPR
directly for more information.

For more details on calculating and paying the Mill Assessment, go to [CDPR
guidance](https://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/mill/q&a.pdf).

For additional details on Mill Assessments, go to the [CDPRâ€™s Mill Assessment
office](https://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/mill/masesmnu.htm).

**Additional Useful Information**

[Restricted products](/gp/help/G200164330)

[Pesticides and pesticide devices](/gp/help/G202115120)

[Prohibited product claims](/gp/help/G202024200)

[State pesticide registration](/gp/help/GPTP4H6LKXXUDTZF)

