---
title: Canada tax and regulatory considerations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468400
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

If you sell products in Canada, you are responsible for paying any applicable
taxes, destination duties, and customs clearance fees before your product can
be sold to Canadian residents or stored in an Amazon fulfilment center. If
your products are located outside of Canada before you ship them to a Canadian
address or to our fulfillment center, you or your designated agent must act as
Importer of Record and be reported as such on customs declarations.

##  Non-resident importer requirements

Sellers who are located outside of Canada who import goods into Canada for
sale on the Amazon.ca site are considered to be non-resident importers by the
Canada Border Services Agency. The Canada Border Services Agency and Canada
Revenue Agency interact with all businesses through business numbers. A non-
resident importer must obtain a Business Number from the Canada Revenue Agency
prior to importing goods into Canada. The business number (BN) has 15 digits:
nine numbers to identify the business, plus two letters and four numbers to
identify the program and each account.

You can register for a business number, or add an import-export account to an
existing business number, by calling 1-800-959-5525. You may also obtain a
business number by [registering
online](http://www.businessregistration.gc.ca/) or by completing [Form
RC1](http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pbg/tf/rc1/README.html), Request for a
Business Number (BN). Send the completed form to your nearest [Tax
Center](http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/taxcentre/). The Canada Border Services
Agency (CBSA) will give you an account free of charge as soon as they receive
the form. You must provide your import-export account on your customs
documents. This applies to most shipments that enter Canada. You only use your
import-export account for importing or exporting.

##  Tariff and duty rates system

Most imported goods are subject to tax at a rate of 5 percent. If duty is
applicable, duty is added to the value of the goods and that is the amount
that tax is charged on (essentially, you also pay tax on duty). It is your
responsibility to comply with all Canada Customs laws and regulations,
including applicable duty and tax requirements.

##  Federal and Provincial Sales Taxes

There are three types of sales taxes in Canada:

  

  1. The Federal Goods and Services Tax (GST)
  2. Provincial Sales Tax
  3. Harmonized Sales Tax (HST), which combines GST and PST

The table below describes which taxes are applicable in each province and
territory

**Sales Tax Type** |  **Provinces/Territories**  
---|---  
**GST Only** |  Alberta (5% GST) Nunavut (5% GST) Northwest Territories (5% GST) Yukon (5% GST)  
**GST and PST** |  British Columbia (5% GST + 7% PST) Manitoba (5% GST + 7% PST) Quebec (5% GST + 9.975% QST) Saskatchewan (5% GST + 6% PST)  
**HST** |  Ontario (13%) New Brunswick (15%) Newfoundland (15%) Nova Scotia (15%) Prince Edward Island (15%)  
  
When you make a sale on Amazon.ca, the sale may be subject to GST, HST, or
Provincial sales tax depending on whether you and the product you sell meet
federal or provincial sales tax requirements. **You may be required to collect
GST, HST, or provincial sales tax even if you do not have a physical presence
in Canada or a particular province**.

We have provided links to Revenue Canada and provincial tax authorities below
for your reference. Those websites contain information that will help you
determine if you are required to collect sales tax. You should also consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

##  GST/HST/Provincial Sales Tax registration

To collect federal sales tax on your sales in Canada, you must register for
GST/HST with Revenue Canada. The frequency in which you remit sales tax to
Revenue Canada is determined by your annual sales in Canada. Lower-volume
sellers on Amazon.ca will generally fall in the category of a yearly filer,
meaning once a year they are required to report the amount of tax you paid on
your imports.

You can register yourself with the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial tax
authorities. If you are an importer, after your importer number is issued, you
will receive a questionnaire from the Canada Revenue Agency to complete and
return. GST/HST registration will be completed approximately six to eight
weeks after the form has been submitted but is usually backdated to the date
of application to allow you full credit on all imports.

You will need to separately register for Provincial sales tax in non-HST
provinces if you are required to collect sales tax in those provinces.

For more information about registering for GST/HST and provincial sales tax in
Canada, you can use the contact information below:

**Canada Revenue Agency** \- For further information on GST/HST in Canada,
visit the [Canada Revenue Agency
website](https://www.canada.ca/en/services/taxes/gsthst.html) or call the
agency at 1-800-959-5525.

**British Columbia** \- For information about PST in British Columbia, visit
the [Government of BC website](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/taxes/sales-
taxes/pst/register).

**Manitoba** \- For information about PST in Manitoba, visit the [Government
of Manitoba
website](https://www.gov.mb.ca/finance/taxation/taxes/retail.html).

**Quebec** \- For information about QST in Quebec, visit [Revenu
Quebec](https://www.revenuquebec.ca/en/businesses/consumption-taxes/gsthst-
and-qst/).

**Saskatchewan** \- For information about PST in Saskatchewan, visit the
[Government of Saskatchewan website](http://finance.gov.sk.ca/taxes/pst/).

##

