---
title: Cancellation rate
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200285210
section: General Documentation
---

The cancellation rate is all seller-canceled orders represented as a
percentage of total orders during a given 7-day time period. Cancellation rate
only applies to seller-fulfilled orders.

This metric includes all order and item cancellations initiated by the seller,
including orders automatically canceled by Amazon because the seller did not
confirm the shipment. With the exception of those cancellations that are
requested by the customer using the order cancellation option in their Amazon
account. Pending orders or items that are canceled by the customer directly on
Amazon are not included.

Our policy recommends sellers to maintain a cancellation rate under 2.5% in
order to sell on Amazon. A cancellation rate above 2.5% may result in
deactivation of seller-fulfilled offers.

**Note:** Performance targets for Premium Shipping orders vary from the above.
For more information, go to [Premium Shipping and guaranteed
delivery](/gp/help/201503640).

#### Why are order cancellations initiated by the seller is bad?

It is important to ensure that products you have listed on Amazon are in stock
and available to ship. When you cancel an order or items within the order
before fulfillment, it's usually because the product is out of stock. Some
percentage of stock-outs can be unavoidable in normal business practice, but
we expect you to try to minimize such issues. High cancellation rates are a
problem that can impact your ability to sell. In the short term, it also
negatively affects your bottom line because an unfulfilled item or order is
lost revenue to your company.

#### What is the difference between a refunded and a canceled order?

A decision to not fulfill an order before ship-confirmation is a canceled
order. Once an order is ship-confirmed, a decision to accept a return or not
ship an item is treated as a refund.

To view your cancellation rate and download your report:  

  1. Go to the [Account health](/performance/dashboard) page in Seller Central.
  2. In the **Shipping Performance** section, click **View details**.
  3. Select the **Pre-Fulfillment cancellation rate** tab. Scroll down and click **Download Report**.

#### What can you do if Cancelation rate metric is high and your seller-
fulfilled offers are at risk of deactivation?

If your seller-fulfilled offers are at risk of deactivation, you may be
eligible to take a quiz to avoid the deactivation. For eligible sellers, the
option will appear in the banner at the top of your [Account
health](/performance/dashboard) page, where you will be given an opportunity
to take a five-question quiz regarding the CR policy. You have 72 hours to
take the quiz. If you pass the quiz, no plan of action (POA) will be required
from you, or will your listings be deactivated. We recommend that you look for
and take the quiz whenever available, as this is the best way to maintain your
account health.

**Note:** Even after successful quiz completion, you must continue to monitor
your account health to ensure you meet all applicable performance targets and
abide by the policies required to sell on Amazon.

If your seller-fulfilled offers are already deactivated due to not meeting the
CR requirement, you can follow the appeal path from Seller Central’s **Account
health** page by clicking on **Submit Appeal** and following the online
instructions to submit a POA for reinstatement.

## Fix an offer removed due to order cancellation

We closely monitor your listings with seller-canceled orders and may remove
the offer if there is a history of seller-canceled orders or two consecutive
seller-cancellations for orders placed in last 30 days.

You can reactivate the offers by taking the following steps:  

  1. Find the removed ASINs on [Manage Inventory](/inventory) using one of the following methods (ASINs removed for cancellation will appear as “Inactive” with an orange icon.): 
     * Search for the ASIN in the **Search** bar.
     * Click the **Inactive** tab on top of the **Manage Inventory** page. You can find the ASINs removed by filtering for the inactive reason **Paused**.
  2. Click **Edit** and update the price of the ASIN from [Manage Inventory](/inventory) to reactivate the listing.

You can also update the price for inactive offers on [Fix your
products](/fixyourproducts) by clicking **Out of stock** under the **Inactive
listings** display option.

## See also

[Order cancellations](/gp/help/G201722390)

[Frequently asked questions about cancellations](/gp/help/GRXAS2XTAYEF77BG)

