---
title: Cancellations FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GRXAS2XTAYEF77BG
section: General Documentation
---

##  What should I do when a buyer wants to cancel an order and what is the
official cancellation process?

To learn more about the buyer-initiated cancellations and the official order
cancellation process, go to [Order cancellation](/gp/help/G201722390).

## How do I edit my Buyer Auto - Cancellation Window?

You can edit your Buyer Auto-Cancellation Window
[here](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/fbm/buyerRequestCancellation). You can
also access this setting from the [General shipping settings
](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#settings) page.

## Where can I find orders where the buyer officially requested cancellation?

You can see officially requested buyer-initiated cancellations on:

  * Email notifications
  * Amazon seller app notifications
  * A Buyer Cancellation Requests badge on the Seller Central home page
  * Manage orders page on Seller Central:   

    1. On the **Unshipped** tab, click **Show filters** to open the filtering pane.
    2. In **Pending Action** section, click **Buyer Requested Cancel** check-box to filter orders that have Buyer requested cancellation orders.
  * Order details page banner 
  * Order reports
  * Orders API response (SP-API)

## Do I have to download order reports to be able to see buyer-initiated
cancellations?

No. If you don’t use order reports, you will be notified of buyer-initiated
cancellations through Amazon Seller app notifications, email, badge on the
Seller Central home page, the Manage Orders page on Seller Central, and via
APIs. The advantage of downloading order reports is that you are able to see
all buyer-initiated cancellations in a single report. You have to switch the
toggle option to enable the field called **Buyer Requested Cancel**.

## What kind of cancellations negatively affect cancellation rate?

To learn more about the affect of order cancellations, on [Order
cancellations](/gp/help/G201722390), go to the "What kind of cancellations
negatively impact your Cancellation Rate metric?" section.

## How do I contact a buyer?

You can contact the buyer through the [Buyer-Seller Messaging
service](/gp/help/G200389080).

## What should I do if I mistakenly cancel an order?

If you mistakenly cancel an order, it will affect your cancellation rate. You
will no longer be able to see the buyer information once the order is
canceled. However, if the buyer reaches out to you saying they still want the
product, ask them to place a new order.

##  Can I cancel an order when its status shows Pending?

Orders are listed as **Pending** while Amazon is verifying the payment method
provided by the buyer. Pending orders do not include the buyer's shipping
address or contact information. These pending orders should not be shipped,
even if the buyer contacts you directly. If the buyer contacts you while their
order is in **Pending** status, refer them to [Amazon Customer
Service](/cu/contact-us).

Once the payment method is verified, in the **Manage orders** , the **Confirm
shipment** and **Cancel order** buttons will become available. In addition,
the order will appear in both the orders report and the unshipped orders
report. At this point, the order should be shipped (or canceled, if
necessary).

For more information, go to [Pending orders](/gp/help/40571).

## How long can an order be in Pending status before it is canceled?

In some cases, payment and order detail verification processes may potentially
extend order processing time up to 21 days.

## An order is canceled, neither the buyer nor I took action to cancel this
order. Who canceled the order?

Amazon can automatically cancel orders if seven days have passed after the
expected shipping availability date, and you have not yet shipped and
confirmed the shipment.

The buyer is not charged for an order until you confirm shipment.

##  How do I partially cancel an order?

Partial order cancellations are not supported at this time. However, you using
either the **Refund orders** tool or the [Order Adjustments
Feed](/gp/help/G1611).

For more information, go to [Cancel an item, order, or multiple
orders](/gp/help/200198080).

**Note:** To start a refund, the order must have already had the shipment
confirmed.

## What do I do if buyers reach out to update the address in the order?

If you have not yet shipped the order and the buyer says they cannot receive
the order at the address they provided originally, ask the buyer to cancel the
order. The buyer can then return to Amazon to place a new order using the
correct address. Amazon’s policy requires sellers to ship only to the address
provided in their seller account. If the buyer is unresponsive, you can send a
[critical message](/gp/help/GRZ5Y5YEN9J84NAC). If you do not hear back from
the buyer, proceed with shipping the order to the address associated with the
order to prevent an impact on your account health.

## What should I do if I cannot fulfill this order because the address is
undeliverable?

If you have not yet shipped the order you can reach out to the buyer by
contacting them through the [Buyer-Seller Messaging
service](/gp/help/G200389080) to cancel this order and place new order for
correct address. If the buyer is unresponsive, you can send a [critical
message](/gp/help/GRZ5Y5YEN9J84NAC).

If the order is shipped, you can contact the carrier service and ask them to
return back the product and when the product gets back, you can deduct the
restocking fee and refund the order.

## What should I do if I need more details to fulfill the order and the buyer
is unresponsive?

If you have already shipped the order, you can contact the carrier service and
ask them to return the product because the buyer is unresponsive. When you
receive the product, you can deduct the restocking fee from the order and can
refund the buyer.

## What are the next steps if I am unable to go ahead with fulfilling an
order?

If you can't fulfill the order due to certain scenarios, don't contact the
buyer to cancel such orders. Examples of these scenarios are the following:

  * Low or no inventory
  * Forgot to turn on vacation settings and received an order
  * Pricing errors
  * Listing errors
  * Technical issues that you may be having

Select appropriate reasons from the drop-down menu and cancel the order.
Canceling these orders will affect your cancellation rate.

## See also

[Order cancellations](/help/hub/reference/G201722390)

Seller university video: [Order cancellations and Account
health](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.dev/learn/courses?moduleId=acb8f071-c398-4c09-97a8-15f81ec4ff62&ref_=su_refined_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)

[Cancellation rate](/gp/help/200285210)

