---
title: Capacity Manager
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GM6SJGQDA625AUCJ
section: General Documentation
---

If you have [FBA capacity limits](/gp/help/GAFNWEYTJUV2GBFC) but could use
more capacity for products that you expect to be popular with customers, you
can request an increase to your capacity limits.

To submit a request, go to [Capacity Manager](/inventory-storage/storage-
request/limit-increase). On this page, you can create a request for any future
period for which a confirmed or estimated limit has been announced. Requests
can’t be submitted for the current period.

In your request, specify the following:

  * How much additional capacity you want for the specified period. The maximum amount that you may request in a given storage type and period will vary based on available capacity in our networks.
  * The maximum reservation fee that you’d be willing to pay for the extra capacity, if the capacity is available. This fee can be offset with **performance credits** earned from sales generated using the additional capacity. No upfront payment is required.

**Important:** Be sure to specify a reservation fee that reflects your
confidence in your ability to use the additional capacity and to offset the
reservation fee with performance credits. If you’re unable to use the capacity
efficiently and offset the fee, you will be responsible for the remaining
balance of the reservation fee minus your performance credits.

We’ll assess fulfillment center capacity regularly (for example, every 3 to 4
days) and grant requests as capacity is available. Our criteria for granting
requests is completely objective. We start with the highest reservation fee
and continue in this order until all allocated capacity has been granted. The
capacity granted will be available to you for the entire period specified.
This additional capacity may also be available to you for up to one month
before the requested period. This allows you to create shipments to send
inventory to Amazon’s fulfillment centers so it can be available in our
network in the period for which the limit increase was granted.

**Note:** Your fee may be lower than what you specify in your request. For all
sellers whose requests are granted in the same week, the lowest granted
reservation fee will apply, regardless of the reservation fee you originally
submitted.

You’ll earn a $0.15 performance credit for every dollar of sales that you
generate using this additional capacity during the period requested. We
designed this credit to give you the opportunity to offset 100% of the
reservation fee, if you use the additional capacity productively.

## Reservation fee

The reservation fee is the amount per cubic foot of capacity requested that
you would pay at the end of the specified period if your request is granted
and you generate no sales during the period.

When you submit your request for more capacity, you specify the maximum
reservation fee that you’d be willing to pay to reserve the additional
capacity. Your request may be granted at the amount that you specify or at a
lower amount.

After you click **Create new request** under the specific storage type in
[Capacity Manager](/inventory-storage/storage-request/limit-increase), you can
check the estimated maximum reservation fee after you fill the **Requested
volume** and **Enter your maximum reservation fee ($ per cubic foot)** fields.

You can also click **Download calculator tool** to calculate your estimated
maximum reservation fee and click **Download reservation fees history** to
check your history.

If your request is granted, we may reduce the reservation fee further at a
later date in accordance with our **lowest reservation fee guarantee**. The
fee can be partially or fully offset by the amount of performance credits that
you earn.

Reservation fees are charged after the end of the specified period. For
example, if you were granted additional capacity for October 1 through October
31, any reservation fees would be charged in early November.

## Lowest reservation fee guarantee

If your request for additional capacity is granted, your reservation fee will
always be less than or equal to the maximum reservation fee that you specified
in your request. In addition, it will be the same reservation fee, per cubic
foot, as for other sellers whose requests are granted that week.

If other requests are granted at a lower reservation fee for the same period
at a later date, your already-granted request will adjust downward to match
the lower fee. With this guarantee, you can place your requests early with
confidence that waiting won’t help you get a lower reservation fee.

## Performance credits

All sellers who are granted additional capacity and who generate sales using
that capacity will get performance credits. Performance credits are earned at
a rate of $0.15 for every dollar of sales that you generate using the
additional capacity.

To calculate sales that were generated using additional capacity, we consider
sales on units that were shipped between the start and end date of the period
for ASINs in the storage type for the limit increase (for example, standard-
size storage), prorated by the percentage of your total limit that the
additional capacity represents. Granted requests for additional capacity that
you have early access to are excluded from this calculation.

With enough sales, your performance credits can offset up to 100% of your
reservation fee, meaning that you would pay no additional fees for the extra
capacity.

**Note:** Only your FBA sales are considered in the calculation of performance
credits.

To calculate your estimated inventory performance credits, click **Create new
request** under the specific storage type in [Capacity Manager](/inventory-
storage/storage-request/limit-increase), and then click **Download calculator
for inventory performance credits**.

## Performance credit examples

As illustrated in **Example 1** of the table below, suppose that your initial
FBA capacity limit for the US standard-size storage type is 1,000 cubic feet
and that you’ve been granted an additional 500 cubic feet, for a total limit
of 1,500 cubic feet. In this scenario, 33% (500/1,500) of your total US
standard-size capacity comes from your granted request. This percentage of
your sales of US standard-size ASINs will qualify for performance credits.

Continuing with **Example 1** , suppose that your total sales for these ASINs
during the period are $105,000. Of these total sales, 33% ($35,000) will
qualify for performance credits. Applying the performance credit rate of $0.15
for every dollar of qualified sales, you would earn a performance credit of up
to $5,250 toward your reservation fee.

**Performance credit examples**

Line | Description | Calculation | Example 1 | Example 2  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Original FBA capacity limit | Set by Amazon | 1,000 | 8,000  
2 | Capacity increase granted | Set by seller | 500 | 2,000  
3 | New FBA capacity limit | Line 1 + Line 2 | 1,500 | 10,000  
4 | Increased capacity ratio | Line 2 / Line 3 | 0.33 | 0.20  
5 | Actual total FBA sales |  | $105,000 | $1,250,000   
6 | Prorated sales based on capacity ratio | Line 5 x Line 4 | $35,000 | $250,000   
7 | Performance credit percentage | Set by Amazon | 15% | 15%  
8 | Performance credits earned | Line 6 x Line 7 | $5,250 | $37,500   
  
**Tip:** Once the period of your capacity limit increase begins, you can track
the amount of performance credits you’ve earned in the **Your requests**
section of [Capacity Manager](/inventory-storage/storage-request/limit-
increase). The performance credit preview is updated daily.

##  Request expiration

When you create your request for additional capacity, you also set a request
expiration date. If we are unable to grant your request before the expiration
date that you set, the request will no longer be considered.

We include this feature because we recognize that you may need to commit to
procurement or manufacturing decisions for your business and that additional
capacity might not be useful after a certain date.

## Request cancellation

You can cancel your pending limit increase requests at any time until they are
granted or expire. However, once your request is granted, it can only be
canceled under specific circumstances.

Estimated FBA capacity limits for the upcoming period are confirmed during the
fourth week of the month. If your confirmed FBA capacity limit for the
upcoming period is higher than the estimated limit you received, you may no
longer want the additional capacity you’ve already been granted through
Capacity Manager. Under these circumstances, you have until the second-to-last
day before your limits go into effect to cancel all or part of the capacity
you were granted before the confirmation date. When you do so, your
reservation fee commitment will be reduced, starting with the highest
reservation fee request.

To protect you from paying for more capacity than you need, there is an auto-
cancellation feature that you can enable and disable from Capacity Manager. If
auto-cancellation is enabled and your confirmed limit for a period is higher
than the prior estimated limit, we will automatically cancel up to 100% of
your request for that period.

**Tip:** After auto-cancellation, you can still manually update amount of
capacity canceled from 0% to 100% at any time until the second-to-last day of
that period.

For example, suppose you have an estimated FBA capacity limit for May 1 to 31
of 100 cubic feet. Based on this estimate, you request an additional 50 cubic
feet of capacity, giving you a total estimated FBA capacity limit of 150 cubic
feet when your request is granted. In the fourth week of April, however, your
FBA capacity limit is actually confirmed at 130 cubic feet (180 cubic feet
total including the 50 cubic foot increase). If auto-cancellation is enabled,
Amazon will cancel 30 cubic feet from your request at the time your limit is
confirmed. From that point until the second-to-last day of April, you may
manually cancel part or all of your granted 50 cubic foot increase to reach
your desired FBA capacity limit.

## Frequently asked questions

#### When will Amazon update the status of my request?

We evaluate the availability of additional capacity in Amazon’s fulfillment
centers regularly (for example, every 3 to 4 days), and we will distribute
capacity through Capacity Manager based on availability. When we do so, we
approve pending requests starting with the highest reservation fee per cubic
foot and continuing in this order until the available capacity is fully
allocated. If your request is not granted, this is because it did not rank
sufficiently high compared with other requests through this process.

We recommend that you check your pending requests on a weekly basis, and
compare the maximum reservation fee per cubic foot submitted in your request
against the reservation fees for granted requests. At any time while your
request is in **pending** status, you may cancel it and create a new request
with a higher reservation fee to increase the chances of receiving the
additional capacity. Based on your submitted reservation fee, your request may
be granted in a few days, or it may remain in **pending** status until it
reaches the request expiration date.

#### What happens if my capacity limit increase request is granted?

When your request is granted, its status will change to **granted** in
Capacity Manager, and you’ll be notified via email. Your new, higher limit
will be used to determine how much inventory you can send to fulfillment
centers.

No reservation fee charges will be applied to your account at the time your
request is granted. At the end of the specified period, your account will be
charged the difference, if any, between your total reservation fee and
performance credits earned.

#### When will I have access to the capacity from my granted limit increase
request?

The additional capacity from your granted limit increase request may also be
available to you for up to one month before the requested period, so you can
create shipments to send inventory to Amazon fulfillment centers so it can be
pre-positioned in our network during the period you requested. Each period, we
give you access to the greater of your capacity increases for that period or
your capacity increases for the next period. For example, if you have a
granted increase of 100 cubic feet for September 1-30 and for 500 cubic feet
for October 1-31, you will have access to 500 cubic feet of additional
capacity for September 1-30.

**Note:** Only sales generated during the period requested will apply toward
calculation of performance credits.

#### Will the reservation fee still be charged if I don’t use the additional
capacity?

Yes. Your reservation fee isn’t affected by your actual use of the additional
capacity granted.

If you aren’t confident that you can use the capacity efficiently and offset
the reservation fee with performance credits, we recommend that you do not
request the capacity, because you will be responsible for the remaining
balance (your reservation fee minus performance credits). Your IPI score may
also be affected if you request and receive additional capacity that you don’t
use.

#### How does this impact my Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) business?

You can use Capacity Manager to request an increase to your total capacity
limit, but only FBA sales are considered in the calculation of performance
credits. MCF sales are not taken into consideration.

You will continue to receive incremental MCF capacity based on your MCF usage.
You can view your capacity limit, which includes MCF capacity, in the Capacity
Monitor. MCF capacity is published monthly when capacity limits are announced.
Changes to your MCF limits will not be reflected in the Capacity Monitor until
the next announcement.

#### Can I request a limit increase for Dangerous Goods (Flammable/Aerosol)
storage types through Capacity Manager?

The storage types for Dangerous Goods are excluded in Capacity Manager, as you
cannot request additional space for Dangerous Goods (Flammable/Aerosol) with
this tool.

You can request a limit increase for Dangerous Goods (Flammable/Aerosol) by
contacting Selling Partner Support.

