---
title: Carrier and tracking information requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVZWBSSV464ZRWNJ
section: General Documentation
---

As part of our ongoing efforts to receive your shipments quickly and make your
inventory available for sale faster, we’ve updated our policy about carrier
and tracking information. The updated policy applies to shipments that are not
sent through the Amazon Partnered Carrier program.

As of October 1, 2021, FBA sellers are required to enter the carrier name and
tracking information, if your carrier provides it.  You must submit the
tracking information before your shipment is received at the fulfillment
center. This change doesn’t apply if you use the [Amazon Partnered Carrier
program](/gp/help/G201119120) or [Amazon Global
Logistics](/gp/help/G202187670) since we generate this information for you.

Providing carrier tracking information helps you to avoid delays in the
receiving process and helps us to receive your inventory more efficiently.
Additionally, when [In-Stock Head Start](/gp/help/GTBBP39NRMSMZK98) is active,
your out-of-stock products can be made available for sale because we’ll have
real-time tracking for in-transit shipments. For faster receive times, make
sure that the tracking IDs for parcel shipments correspond to the correct FBA
box-ID label on each box.

You can provide tracking information through Send to Amazon on the **Track
shipment** tab of a **shipment summary** page in your shipment workflow. You
can also provide the information through [Amazon Marketplace Web
Service](/gp/help/G200389230). For parcel shipments, tracking IDs will be
required for every box. For less-than-truckload and full-truckload shipments,
a freight progressive number (PRO) will be required for every shipment.

Amazon will measure your missing or incorrect tracking information defect rate
at the shipment level. For instructions on uploading tracking information and
tracking the status of your shipments, go to [Track your shipment: Shipping
Queue and Shipment Summary](/gp/help/G201022330).

## Frequently asked questions

#### How do I enter carrier and tracking information?

If you are using the [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/G201119120)
or [Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/G202187670), you don't have to enter
carrier or tracking information since we will generate it for you. You can
track your shipments by tracking ID and carrier status on the **Track
shipment** tab of the **shipment summary** page. If you ship using your own
carrier, use one of the following methods:

  * You can enter the tracking information in the **Track shipment** tab of Send to Amazon by clicking the **Track shipment** link after you’ve completed the workflow.

Alternatively, you can enter tracking information in the [Shipping
Queue](/gp/ssof/shipping-queue.html) by clicking **Track shipment** next to
your shipment, and then click the **Track shipment** tab. You can use barcode
scanners or a spreadsheet to upload tracking information in bulk. To help
minimize user errors when updating tracking information, we’ll show you
messaging and alerts to prompt you to recheck your entered values.

  * When using integrators, like [Amazon Marketplace Web Service](/gp/help/G200389230), you can configure and use the available APIs to share tracking information. To learn more, go to [Step 6 – Send shipment tracking numbers to Amazon](https://docs.developer.amazonservices.com/en_US/fba_guide/FBAGuide_SendShipTrackNumbers.html). 

#### Why is this important to provide tracking information?

With the carrier name, shipping method, and tracking information that you
provide, we can pass any tracking events that are made available by the
carrier on to our fulfillment centers. We use this information to efficiently
plan for receiving your inventory and to make your in-transit inventory
available for sale to customers.

####  **What do I enter if my carrier is not listed in Seller Central?**

If you don’t see your carrier listed in the drop-down menu of Send to Amazon,
please select **Other**. We will add more carriers over time.

####  **How do I edit a tracking number?**

You can edit shipment tracking information up until the shipment is delivered.
To edit this information, do either of the following:

  * In Seller Central, go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/ssof/shipping-queue.html) and click **Track shipment** next to your shipment. On the **shipment summary** page, go to the **Track shipment** tab and edit the entered tracking IDs.
  * When using integrators, like [Amazon Marketplace Web Service](/gp/help/G200389230), resubmit the updated tracking information.

#### Why did I receive an error message that a unique tracking ID is required?

This error message appears when you enter the same tracking ID for different
boxes in a small-parcel shipment. We require a unique tracking ID per box for
these shipments. Some carriers provide a master tracking ID, however they
should also provide a unique ID per box. If you did not receive all of the
tracking IDs from your carrier, visit the carrier’s website or contact the
carrier to get a full list of box tracking IDs.

#### What should I do if my carrier does not provide a tracking number?

We encourage you to use carriers that provide tracking information for
shipment deliveries as these carriers provide us with real-time status
updates. These updates can help minimize receiving delays and help you avoid
going out of stock. We acknowledge that not all carriers provide tracking
information. If you use a carrier that does not provide tracking information,
and a missing tracking information defect appears in your seller account, you
can submit a dispute that documents the lack of carrier-provided tracking
information and the defect will be removed from your account.

#### Why did I receive an error message about an invalid tracking ID?

This error message appears when the tracking ID that you provided is either
invalid or does not match the carrier that you selected. To fix this error,
make sure that you’re not entering any blank spaces before or after the
tracking ID, and that the carrier that you selected matches the tracking ID.

You can change your carrier in the final step of Send to Amazon, **Tracking
details**. To navigate to this step, click the shipment name link on the
Shipping Queue page. If the shipment is in **Working** or **Ready to ship**
status, you’ll be directed to Send to Amazon and you can navigate to the final
step. If your shipment is in a different status, you’ll be directed to the
shipment summary page. At the top of the page, click the **Send to Amazon
(view)** link and navigate to the final step of the workflow.

#### For international shipments, my freight forwarder provides tracking
information only after my shipment reaches the final destination country (for
example, my shipment originates in China and arrives in the US 40 days after I
ship). Is that too late?

No. Enter tracking information for the shipment as soon as your carrier shares
it with you, before your inventory is delivered to a fulfillment center.

#### Will Amazon monitor my tracking information?

Yes. We currently monitor missing tracking information to calculate your
defect rate for all shipments that are sent to Amazon with your own carriers
at the shipment level. Starting October 2023, shipments that are sent to
Amazon with incorrect tracking information will also affect your defect rate.
Tracking information defects will appear in the **Problems** tab of the
**shipment summary** page in Seller Central.

Initially, only the defect will be shown. In the future, you may be required
to acknowledge each defect before you can create new shipments. We may reach
out to you for one-on-one coaching if your coaching defect level is
**Elevated** , and we may restrict you from creating new shipments to Amazon
for 24 to 72 hours if your coaching defect level is **Critical**.

