---
title: Carrier requirements for delivering shipments
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200978420
section: General Documentation
---

On this page, you will learn what is required of your carriers for deliveries
to our fulfillment centers. We recommend that you, as well as your carrier,
become familiar with these requirements.

**Note:** For the latest list of prepaid carriers actively delivering
shipments to our fulfillment centers, please refer to the [Prepaid Carrier
List](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/inbound/Amazon_Inbound_Transportation/Carrier_SCAC_List.pdf).
This list provides the following key metrics for each carrier:

  * Current weekly volume
  * Scheduling effectiveness (percentage of scheduled appointments arrived without carrier changes [First Pass Yield])
  * No-show rate
  * On-time arrival (within +/-30 minutes of appointment time)

Carriers may be unlisted for the following reasons:

  * The carrier has never delivered to or attempted to onboard with Amazon.
  * The carrier has the capability to deliver to Amazon but does not meet an 8-week median (P50) arrived delivery shipment volume greater than 10 per week.
  * The carrier does not have a USDOT associated with their account or has an operating tenure less than 2 years.
  * The carrier was previously suspended from Amazon and has not attempted to be reinstated.

The list is ordered by the carriers' arrived shipment volume and USDOT age
(oldest to youngest). However, shippers should evaluate carriers based on
their specific needs, not just the arrived volume and industry tenure.

## Related guidelines

  * For additional requirements for less-than truckload and full truckload (LTL and FTL) and less-than container load and full container load (LCL and FCL) deliveries, go to [Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/200978400) and [Floor loading policy](/gp/help/200978440). 
  * For weight, dimension, and shipment packing requirements, go to [Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/200141510).
  * For small-parcel shipments that are individually labeled for delivery, go to [Small-parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/200280260).

When you select a carrier, you are responsible for making sure it complies
with the requirements below. The failure of a carrier to comply with these
terms may cause the delivery to be refused.

  * The carrier must have a complete list of Amazon reference IDs (PO lists), shipment IDs, and tracking or PRO numbers included on or with the delivery manifest or bill of lading (BOL) when shipping with a container load or truckload carrier. Amazon will require this information when scheduling a dock appointment. Reference and shipment IDs are found on the **Summary** page of the shipping workflow. Tracking and PRO numbers are obtained from your carrier. 
  * The carrier must communicate box and pallet counts before an appointment will be scheduled. The fulfillment center may request unit counts if they are provided to the carrier. Floor-loaded trailers should be indicated on the carrier freight bill and when requesting an appointment. 
  * Upon arriving at the fulfillment center, the carrier must provide a delivery manifest or physical BOL that meets our requirements. Alternatively, the carrier may use an electronic BOL if a digital copy is provided to the fulfillment center prior to the scheduled shipment arrival. For more information, go to [Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/G200978400).

If shipping through the [Amazon Partnered Carrier
Program](/gp/help/201119120), you must provide the carrier with an Amazon BOL.
An Amazon-generated BOL will be available on the **Tracking events** tab in
the shipment summary page by 8 a.m. on the morning of your scheduled pickup.
The carrier will need this BOL to schedule a delivery appointment for your
shipment. You can alternatively download a [blank BOL PDF](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-files/FBA_PARTNERED_LTL_BOL_TEMPLATE.pdf) to fill
in for your partnered carrier shipment.

## Scheduling delivery appointments

The carrier you select to deliver your shipment will need to schedule an
advanced delivery appointment. Ensure that both you and your carrier complete
any required steps before requesting a delivery appointment.

**Important:** All units on a small-parcel shipment must be delivered within
seven days of when the shipment first begins to receive units. Any delivery
requests submitted after seven days may be rejected.

  * We do not allow general public deliveries. Only professional and authorized USDOT carriers with a NMFTA registered SCAC are allowed to make delivery appointments at our fulfillment centers. 
  * All carriers must register with us before appointments will be granted.
  * No LTL, FTL, or small-parcel delivery shipments will be accepted at a fulfillment center without a scheduled appointment. If the carrier misses the scheduled appointment by 30 minutes or more, the freight will be refused at no cost to Amazon. A new appointment request will need to be submitted and approved by the carrier for attempted re-delivery. 
  * Carriers must adhere to our delivery requirements and safety standards.
  * Carriers are required to schedule a delivery appointment no less than 24 hours ahead of delivery.
  * Carriers should schedule a single appointment per delivery once the final number of shipments expected on the trailer is determined.
  * If a shipment is delayed because of weather, the carrier must notify us. Appropriate schedule changes will be made based on availability. 
  * Shipments that are closed, canceled, deleted, or have already been shipped and received are considered no longer expected and may not be granted dock appointments.
  * Each FBA shipment ID is allowed to be sent on a maximum of a single full trailer.

**Note:** Carriers should only request advance appointments once all shipments
that will be delivered have been determined. Your carrier is provided up to
three appointment requests for a successful delivery for a single shipment or
trailer. These include deleted, no call no show, or successful delivery of the
freight. Exceeding this limit may result in denial of appointment requests and
rejection of your shipment.

**Important:** Scheduling multiple appointments for the same delivery, or
providing incorrect shipment information, may cause appointments to be
deleted, delay your shipment, and can result in a suspension of shipping
privileges. For more information, go to the [Carrier Central user
manual](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/magicarp/common/Carrier_Central_Manual_USAmazon.pdf).

To schedule a delivery appointment, follow these steps:  

  1. Ensure your carrier has an accurate BOL for your shipment. For more information, go to [Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/200978400).
  2. Provide the [Carrier Central user manual](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/magicarp/common/Carrier_Central_Manual_USAmazon.pdf) to your carrier.
  3. Have your carrier create an account, if it doesnâ€™t already have one, and sign in to [Carrier Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/) to request an appointment.

We will respond to your carrier's request within 24 hours, at which time we
will schedule a delivery appointment date and time based on availability. This
time may differ from the time that was originally requested. This appointment
may move based on fulfillment center capacity and availability.

**Important:** When scheduling appointments, carriers need to explicitly
mention the shipments are for Fulfillment by Amazon and provide the FBA
Shipment ID, which can be found in the **Summary** page of the shipping
workflow. This will help expedite appointment scheduling and help ensure
accurate receipt of your inventory

## Floor-loaded shipments

**Note:** If you are using our Partnered Carrier Program for LTL and FTL
deliveries, place your shipment on pallets. Our partnered carriers do not
accept floor-loaded shipments (shipments not on pallets).

For all LTL and FTL shipments, we prefer that they are delivered on pallets to
our fulfillment centers. If you can't place your shipment on pallets for any
reason, your carrier must select **Floor loaded** as the load type when
booking an appointment at a fulfillment center. We have limited appointment
availability for floor-loaded shipments. For more information about floor
loading, go to the [Floor loading policy](/gp/help/200978440).

## Vehicle condition

Vehicles delivering goods to our fulfillment centers must meet the following
standards:

  * The vehicle floor must be able to withstand a fully laden pallet jack. 
  * The vehicle floor must be well-maintained, safe, and free from any obstructions and damage such as holes. 
  * The vehicle must be watertight, clean, and free of strong odors, especially when delivering food and health-care products. 
  * Straps, unless actually securing a load, must be firmly fixed to the vehicle, so they present no danger to fulfillment center associates and ensure accessibility to the goods being unloaded. 
  * Due to safety concerns, the use of trailers with uneven or corrugated floors, such as in refrigerated trailers, is not permitted. 
  * Any trailer, truck, shipment, or portion of a shipment is subject to refusal at the fulfillment center if the fulfillment center associates are unable to safely unload the product with no additional cost to Amazon. Notification of such events will be sent to the e-mail address associated with your seller account. 

**Important:** Any trailer, truck, shipment, or portion of a shipment is
subject to refusal at the fulfillment center if our associates are unable to
safely unload the product. Your carrier will be notified of the rejection and
will need to either resolve the issue or move the freight to a new trailer.
This may result in additional costs to you by your carrier.

