---
title: Categories and products that require approval
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G84EFS4CKK43USMF
section: General Documentation
---

We want customers to be able to shop with confidence on Amazon. For certain
products, brands, categories, and sub-categories, we require you to obtain
approval before listing products. The approval process may include document
requests, performance checks, and other qualifications.

Watch the video below to learn about the brand approval process and products
that may require approval before listing.

## Why do certain products require approval to sell?

To protect our customers and maintain their trust, we place selling
restrictions on certain products. We may place restrictions to ensure that the
products sold in our store are safe, authentic, or meet local and regional
regulations.

For certain restrictions, Amazon requires sellers to submit an application
through Seller Central for review. If your request is approved, you will be
able to list the product. However, we may not accept applications for every
product on which we place selling restrictions on.

## How can I tell if a product requires approval?

For existing products in our store, you can see if approval is required by
searching for the product you want to list in [Add a Product](/product-
search). Click **Show limitations** to view which approvals are required.

For new products not in our store, we recommend searching for similar products
in **Add a Product**. Selling restrictions present for existing products
similar to yours are likely to be present when you create your listing.

If you tried to add your products via a feed and received a [listing
error](/gp/help/G17781), then use [Add a product](/product-search) to view the
approval requirements for the ASIN that returned the error.

## What selling restrictions are typically placed on products?

Selling restrictions are either placed on individual products or groups of
similar products (such as products belonging to the same brand). Selling
restrictions may be placed on the following entities:

  * Individual ASINs
  * Brands
  * Brands within a specific category
  * Categories
  * Sub-categories

Some products may have overlapping selling restrictions that will require you
to submit separate applications to become approved to sell a single product.
For example, you might need to submit an application for the brand in addition
to the subcategory the brand is listed in.

## How do I apply to sell my product?

From the Seller Central home page, click **Catalog** and select **Add
Products**.  

  1. Search for the item that you want to sell.
  2. In the search results, click **Show limitations** link next to the item.
  3. Click **Apply to sell** to begin the application process.

## How do I apply to list new products in categories that require approval?

To add a new product to Amazon’s catalog in one of the categories with
restrictions listed below, follow the link to the help page for more
information about the requirements and then [request for
approval](/hz/myqdashboard).

Product category  
---  
[Jewelry](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/200332590)  
[Music](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/202188990)  
[Video, DVD & Blu-ray](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/201607580)  
  
For a comprehensive list of product categories in which you can sell, go to
[Overview of categories](/gp/help/G200332540).

## What do I do when there isn’t an “Apply to sell” option for my product?

To provide the best possible shopping experience for our customers, we
sometimes place selling restrictions on certain products, brands, categories,
and sub-categories.

**Note:** Restrictions may change. You can check which selling restrictions
are applicable to your product by searching for it in **Add a Product**. If we
are accepting applications, you will see the **Apply to sell** option next to
the product search results.

While some of these products may require approval to sell, we may not be
accepting applications for various reasons, such as:

  * The product has regulatory or importation limitations that prevent it from being sold.
  * The product has regional compatibility issues that prevent it from being sold in certain regions.
  * The product has temporary selling restrictions that prevent it from being sold during certain time periods.
  * The product cannot be sold in a used, collectible, or refurbished condition.
  * The product has selling restrictions due to a [performance](/performance/notifications) issue, such as a product safety or customer complaint.

## How do I manage my selling applications?

When you open an application by clicking **Apply to Sell** in **Add a
Product** , a draft is automatically created on your [**Selling Applications
dashboard**](/hz/myqdashboard). From the dashboard you can open your draft to
review the requirements and submit your request, view the status of your
submitted applications, or re-apply. You can also search for applications by
type (for example, ASIN, Brand, Category).

## What do I need to submit to have my application approved?

Requirements vary by product. You can review approval requirements for your
product by clicking **Apply to sell** on the **Add a Product** page and then
clicking **Request approval** on the next page.

When asked to upload documents, such as purchase invoices, pictures of your
physical product, or compliance documents, ensure that the document you
provide meets all requirements listed on the **Selling Application** page. If
any information is missing or a requirement is not met then your request will
be declined.

Watch the video below to learn about invoice requirements for when you apply
to sell.

Watch the video below to learn about picture requirements for when you apply
to sell.

## I provided the right document but my request was declined. What do I do?

Review the correspondence that we sent to your case log or email client and
review the approval requirements again. Your documents may not have passed our
review. You’re welcome to submit a new application, provided that you upload
new documents for review.

## I tried to apply but received the message “Your account does not qualify.”
What does that mean?

We have determined that you are not eligible to sell this product at this
time. Selling Partner Support is unable to provide additional information
regarding these decisions.

## I was already selling this product, but now I can’t. Why?

As our catalog grows, we continuously make new determinations for which
products should be restricted based on a number of factors. Even if you were
selling your product before, you may be subject to new restrictions for the
following reasons:

  * We have placed new restrictions on existing products that may require you to apply for approval. In some instances, we may not accept applications for review.
  * You have received a performance notification related to your product and are required to provide additional information before you can sell it again. You can view these notifications through your [Performance Notifications](/performance/notifications) or your [Account health](/performance/dashboard) page.

## What should I do if I encounter an error message related to the Brand Name
Policy?

If you receive error messages while creating a new ASIN, go to [Amazon Brand
Name Policy](/gp/help/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ) to begin the brand name approval
process. Provide relevant information, including the brand name used, images
of the product and branding, and any inventory file details if applicable.

## Learn more

  * [Product Packaging Picture Requirements (PDF)](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn/courses?ref_=su_course_accordion&moduleId=6fc60eb1-e90f-49e5-9664-aa44fcea49ad&courseId=64ccd43f-756e-4944-aafb-b1e3a5cfd742&modLanguage=English)
  * [Condition guidelines: Books](/gp/help/GZBC9BLXDJVBZPAR)

##  See other products and programs requiring approvalOther products and
categories that require approval

  * [Electronic mobility (e-mobility) devices](/gp/help/GMUW6CKYLY4AP8MK)
  * [Laser pointers and other laser products](/gp/help/201689020)
  * [Amazon Renewed](/gp/help/201648580)
  * [Amazon Accelerate](/gp/help/G8DM5548X3TZMVSZ)

