---
title: Changes to program policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQHQGBTD7XB7EECN
section: General Documentation
---

## Changes to program policies 2024

Listed below are upcoming changes to Amazon's program policies.

## Update to the FBA inventory reimbursement policy

We’re updating our Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) inventory reimbursement policy
to help provide you greater transparency and more predictability in how
reimbursements are calculated for items that are lost or damaged before a
customer order. This will help drive a more consistent approach that works as
we support sellers with supply chain services across their sales channels.

Effective March 10, 2025, we’ll reimburse you based on the product
manufacturing cost of the affected inventory. "Manufacturing cost" means your
cost to source a product from a manufacturer, wholesaler, reseller, or produce
the item if you are the manufacturer. It excludes costs such as shipping,
handling, customs duties, or other costs.

To help provide you greater control and accuracy, you can choose how we
determine the manufacturing cost for your products:

  * We’ll provide a manufacturing cost estimate for you. This estimate is based on a comprehensive evaluation of comparable products sold by Amazon, by other sellers, and through wholesale channels.
  * You can provide your manufacturing costs directly. If you don’t provide your own costs, we’ll automatically apply our estimate which you can change when you’re ready.

To help you prepare, you can view and manage manufacturing costs in the
[Inventory Defect and Reimbursement](/help/hub/reference/G66ZLS453YSE2Y4R)
portal starting in late January using a new Manage Your Manufacturing Cost
page.

We’re constantly refining our operations and processes to prevent products
from being lost or damaged and having to be reimbursed. For cases where
reimbursement is necessary, we’re focused on ensuring timely compensation. We
now offer automatic reimbursements for items lost in our fulfillment centers,
saving you time, and eliminating the need for you to submit a claim to receive
reimbursement.

For items that are lost or damaged after a customer order in Amazon’s store,
we’ll continue to reimburse you for the sales price on the original order
minus applicable fees.

We’ll update the [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy](/help/hub/reference/external/G200213130) once the policy goes into
effect on March 10.

In the interim, you can view a PDF version of the policy, available in
[English](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./PC__Kiwi_Comms_redlined_policy_US_clean.pdf)
and [Chinese](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./PC__Kiwi_Comms_redlined_policy_US_clean-
zh_cn.pdf), which highlights the changes.

**Updates to Selling Services on Amazon Policies and Selling Services Terms**

Effective November 4, 2024, we are updating the [Selling Services on Amazon
Policies](/help/hub/reference/external/G201840340) and [Selling Services
Terms](/help/hub/reference/external/G201484410) page to include updated
requirements for selling in-home services. The existing **Selling Services on
Amazon Policies** and **Selling Services Terms** will be removed and replaced
with the Merchant Fulfilled Services Policy.

**Policy update: Changes in eligibility window to file for reimbursement
claims**

Effective October 23, 2024, we have updated the FBA reimbursement policy to
reflect the new eligibility windows to file reimbursement claims. In some
cases, these new claim windows are reduced but still provide you with ample
time to research and file a claim, and ensure that any outstanding issues are
resolved quickly.

All manual claims must now be submitted within the following timelines:

  * A fulfillment center operation claims for an item that is lost or damaged in the fulfillment center must be submitted no later than 60 days after the item was reported lost or damaged.
  * An FBA customer returns claim can be submitted between 60-120 days after the customer refund or replacement date. Claims must not be submitted before 60 days to ensure the customer has time to return the item to us for processing.
  * A removal claim for items lost in transit can be submitted 15-75 days from the shipment creation date.
  * All other removal claims must be filed within 60 days of the shipment being delivered back to you.

To view the updated policy, go to [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy](/help/hub/reference/G200213130).

**Update to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution terms and conditions**

Effective October 22, 2024, we are updating the [Amazon Warehousing and
Distribution terms and conditions](/gp/help/GHV89YC29VWN6SBM) page to include
the new requirements related to the recent launch of Multi-Channel
Distribution.

The existing Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD) policy will include the
following changes to AWD terms and conditions:

  * **AWD shipping requirements** : AWD will include the newly launched shipping methods of Partnered Carrier Program (less-than truckload and full truckload), Amazon Global Selling (SEND), and Global Mile (less-than container load). 
  * **Shipments not supported by AWD** : AWD does not support mixed freight shipments (consolidation of AWD and FBA shipments in the same truckload). *
  * **Reimbursements** : Consolidation of AWD and FBA shipments in the same truckload will not be eligible for lost shipments reimbursements.*

*This policy already exists in the [Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/gp/help/GTPL7PGKU7WUKJSW) help page. The AWD policy page will also be updated to reflect the same.

Additionally, we will introduce the following Multi-Channel Distribution (MCD)
requirements:

  * **Packaging and label requirements** : AWD shipments must comply with the destination channel’s packaging and prep requirements. For inventory with both FBA and MCD as destination channels or only FBA as a destination channel, follow [Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/G200141500). 
  * **Transportation and processing fees** : You will be charged per cubic foot (transportation fees) and per box (processing fees) once your units shipped via MCD have been received at the destination warehouse.

For more information, go to [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution
(AWD)](/gp/help/GF6ZC8VEBM7HCEGV).

**Holiday season speed requirements for Seller Fulfilled Prime in the US**

From November 24, 2024, through January 4, 2025, we’re updating the US speed
requirements for Seller Fulfilled Prime eligibility that apply to the holiday
season.

These updates are designed to help you navigate logistical challenges that can
affect sellers and carriers during this time of year, such as increased demand
or weather issues, while ensuring that buyers have a great Prime delivery
experience.

To maintain Seller Fulfilled Prime eligibility during the holiday season, page
views of your Prime offers must meet the following updated delivery-speed
requirements for each size category:

|  **2024 holiday season** **requirements (new)** | **Current non-holiday season requirements (no change)**  
---|---|---  
**Size tier** | **≤ 1 day** | **≤ 2 days** | **≤ 1 day** | **≤ 2 days**  
Standard size | ≥ 20% | ≥ 45% | ≥ 30% | ≥ 70%  
Oversize | ≥ 5% | ≥ 30% | ≥ 10% | ≥ 45%  
Extra large | N/A | ≥ 15% | N/A | ≥ 15%  
  
If your performance falls below these required thresholds, you may lose your
Seller Fulfilled Prime eligibility. To view your speed performance, go to the
[Seller Fulfilled Prime performance dashboard](/seller-fulfilled-prime/seller-
performance). For more information, go to [Seller Fulfilled Prime program
policy](/gp/help/G201812300).

**Updates to dangerous goods policy**

Effective October 8, 2024, we updated our dangerous goods policy to provide
clarity on your responsibilities to comply with local and international
transportation regulations when you’re the shipper of record for shipments
that contain dangerous goods.

Scenarios where you’re the shipper of record include but are not limited to:

  * When you ship products to our fulfillment centers.
  * When you ship items to customers directly.

**Note:** You are not the shipper of record when we ship products to customers
as part of the Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) program.

To prevent potential health and safety risks, we gather dangerous goods
information related to any product sold in our stores. When applicable, it’s
your responsibility to provide accurate and complete information when listing
your product. This includes compliance documents for any dangerous goods item,
such as safety data sheets and battery test summaries.

Any violation of dangerous goods regulations or this policy will result in
corrective actions, including but not limited to deactivation of your seller-
fulfilled or Amazon-fulfilled offers or account deactivation.

For more information, including a dangerous good identification guide, review
our [dangerous goods policy](/gp/help/GN4SW35Y4KXHX8BT).

**Updates to Funds Withholding policy**

Effective October 9, 2024, the Funds Withholding policy will be updated to
complement recent changes that were released to Section 2 of the Amazon
Services Business Solutions Agreement to improve overall transparency around
funds withholding.

The main changes include the following:

  * Renaming the [Funds Withholding policy](/gp/help/external/9RA9LYBJ3QP27M6) to the Funds Disbursement Eligibility policy.
  * Improving the transparency of our policy; including why we maintain this policy, the steps you have to take in appealing disbursements, the steps we take when evaluating appeals, and examples of activities that may result in our decision not to disburse in accordance with Section 2 of the Business Solutions Agreement.
  * Updating the timeframe, you may appeal disbursements to 60 days from the date of deactivation, instead of 90 days.
  * Including a link to the Funds Disbursement Eligibility policy on the [Program Policies](/help/hub/reference/G521) page.

**New prohibited products policy weighted infant sleep products effective
September 30**

In the interest of safety and due to the increased risk for Sudden Infant
Death Syndrome (SIDS) and other sleep-related infant deaths, such as from
suffocation, Amazon is prohibiting the sale of weighted infant and toddler
swaddles, sleep sacks, and blankets.

Customers have to be confident that they’ll find a selection of safe,
reliable, and compliant products on Amazon. We don’t allow the listing or sale
of non-compliant, prohibited products, and of products presenting safety
risks.

For more information, go to [Weighted infant sleep
products](/help/hub/reference/external/GKDFVJSUHPYTRHW3).

**Compliance updates for e-mobility devices and e-mobility accessories in New
York state, effective**

Due to recent changes in New York state law, we are launching updates to the
safety policy and regulatory compliance requirements for you to sell
e-mobility devices and e-mobility accessories starting October 2, 2024.

As part of this update, you must comply with the following:

  * Update your listing with a legible image (or multiple images, if necessary) of the UL certification or the name or logo of the testing lab as it appears on your product and its packaging or documentation.
  * **For e-bikes and e-trikes:** Update your listing to state that the product complies with UL-2849 and submit UL-2849 test report.
  * **For e-mobility devices:** Update your listing to state that the product complies with UL-2272 and submit UL-2272 test report.
  * **For stand-alone e-mobility device replacement batteries:** Update your listing to state that the product complies with UL-2271 and submit UL-2271 test report.

If we do not receive the required information by October 2, 2024, the affected
ASINs will be restricted from sale in New York state.

For more information on the policies and how to sell these products, go to:

  * [Electronic mobility (e-mobility) devices](/help/hub/reference/external/GMUW6CKYLY4AP8MK)
  * [Electronic mobility (e-mobility) accessories](/help/hub/reference/external/G7HM69VDEMRW7TPE)

**New requirements for the on-time delivery rate (OTDR) policy**

Effective September 25, 2024, to help reduce late deliveries and improve
delivery speeds, we’re changing our OTDR policy. The new policy requires a
minimum of a 90% OTDR without promise extensions to have seller-fulfilled
products listed on Amazon.com. We have also changed our recommended standard
for a great customer experience to 95% or greater OTDR for all seller-
fulfilled orders, but only an OTDR below 90% can result in restriction of a
seller’s ability to have seller-fulfilled products listed. This policy does
not apply to offers using Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) because sellers are not
responsible for on-time delivery promises for FBA orders.

We also changed the way we measure OTDR to now measure the percentage of your
tracked seller-fulfilled items that were delivered on or before the seller-
promised "Deliver by" date prior to promise extensions being added. Before
this change, OTDR was measured after promise extensions were added.

For more information, see the [Order Performance program
policy](/help/hub/reference/GGJVNFDXQT8C3RA8) and [On-time
delivery](/help/hub/reference/G200847280) requirements.

In addition to this new policy change, to match major carrier shipping times,
the maximum transit time for standard shipping will be reduced from 8 to 5
days and for free economy shipping from 10 to 8 days. To help improve handling
time accuracy, we’ll enable [automated handling
time](http://go.amazonsellerservices.com/aht-otdr-launch) for sellers who have
a handling time gap of two days or more between their set handling time and
actual handling time.

**Note:** When automated handling time is enabled, your seller-fulfilled
listings will not be deactivated if your late shipment rate (LSR) does not
meet the [LSR policy requirement](/help/hub/reference/G200285190) since Amazon
is setting your handling time.

**Upcoming policy update: Changes in eligibility window to file for
reimbursement claims**

Starting October 23, 2024, we are updating our eligibility window policy. All
manual claims must now be submitted within the following timelines:

  * A fulfillment center operations claim for an item that is lost or damaged in the fulfillment center must be submitted no later than 60 days after the item was reported lost or damaged.
  * An FBA customer returns claim can be submitted between 60-120 days after the customer refund or replacement date. Claims must not be submitted before 60 days to ensure the customer has time to return the item to us for processing.
  * A removal claim for items lost in transit can be submitted 15-75 days from the shipment-creation date. Claims must not be submitted before 15 days to ensure the shipment can be delivered back to you. 
  * All other removal claims must be filed within 60 days of the shipment being delivered back to you.

The [FBA inventory reimbursement policy](/gp/help/G200213130) will be updated
once the policy goes into effect on October 23.

**Update to Subscribe & Save terms and conditions**

Effective June 27, 2024, Amazon is expanding the existing FBA Subscribe & Save
program to seller-fulfilled selection. The [terms and
conditions](/help/hub/reference/G201620160) have been updated to reflect this
expansion.

**Update to Multi-channel fulfillment (MCF) billing policy**

Effective June 20, 2024, we are implementing changes in the MCF billing
policy. The main changes include the following:

  * Billing for MCF Services: Your seller account may have a negative balance if the fees you owe exceeds your sales on Amazon during a settlement period. MCF sellers with negative account balances may have their credit cards charged up to once per day. If a payment fails, MCF shipping services will be suspended until payment is successfully received.
  * Transaction Limits: We may impose transaction limits on some sellers based on the cumulative value of fees accrued during a settlement period, which may result in pausing MCF shipping services.

For more information, go to [Multi-channel fulfillment billing
FAQ](/gp/help/GTP9V9YMVUSLWG2S).

**Amazon's Local Selling Terms and Local Selling Program Policies**

Effective May 6, 2024, the Local Selling Terms and Local Selling Program
Policies will be updated to remove all references to the Local Selling Buy
Online Pickup in Store (BOPIS) program.

**New policy: Mad Honey**

In the interest of continually protecting customer safety, effective **March
25, 2024** , the sale of mad honey will no longer permitted.

This is to restrict the availability of honey contaminated with grayanotoxins,
which leads to intoxication or poisoning upon consumption.

For more information, go to [Mad honey](/gp/help/GK6MW7WEWN6BP587)

**Upcoming policy update: Remote fulfillment with FBA Program Policy**

On March 7, 2024, Amazon will release the Remote fulfillment with FBA Program
Policy for all North America Remote fulfillment sellers.

The policy reinforces global selling information and provides tools to help
sellers maximize their sales in Mexico, Canada, and Brazil. Eligible sellers
are enrolled automatically in the program. For more information, go to [Remote
fulfillment with FBA](/help/hub/reference/G5P3CDUHZWSZLXLB).

**Termination of the FBA Inventory Placement Service terms and conditions**

Effective March 1, 2024, the FBA Inventory Placement Service terms and
conditions will be terminated and the FBA Inventory Placement Service program
will end. The new FBA inbound placement service will provide you with the
option to consolidate all items to a single standard-size or single non-
standard-size destination with the Minimal shipment splits option, providing
the same functionality of Inventory Placement Service with the flexibility to
decide during shipment creation.

If you create a shipping plan with a combination of standard-size items, non-
standard-size items (for example, Large Bulky), or special handling
categories, we may direct your inventory to more than one inbound location,
even if you select the Minimal shipment splits inbound placement option.

For more information and exceptions, go to [2024 FBA inbound placement service
fee](/gp/help/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z).

**New policy: Automotive and marine emissions tuners compliance requirements**

In the United States, the Clean Air Act prohibits the sale of any device that
interferes with or disables an engine’s emission controls (“defeat devices”).

Effective March 11, 2024, Amazon will require selling partners to provide a
California Air Resources Board Executive Order (CARB EO) number for new and
existing listings of automotive and marine emission tuners to ensure that
these products are not Clean Air Act-prohibited defeat devices. Amazon will
contact sellers by email with details if further action is required.

For more information, go to the [Automotive and Powersports help
page](/gp/help/G200164410).

**New Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) program policy**

Effective January 23, 2024, we will expand Express Payout program options to
expedite fund deposits from the US store to sellers using an eligible UK Visa
debit card. A UK Visa debit card must be issued by a bank operating in the UK,
denominated in British pounds, associated with a UK address, and approved
through Amazon’s registration process.

Once you enroll in [Express Payout (UK Visa Debit
Card)](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView), you will
receive payout deposits within 24 hours. Visa will convert payouts from US
dollars to British pounds, subject to Visa’s foreign exchange rates and
policies.

To enroll in the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) program, you must set
your eligible UK Visa debit card as your primary deposit method, upon which
you will be automatically enrolled in the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
program.

For more information, including debit card eligibility and our 24-hour
program, go to [Express Payout frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX), [Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
policy](/gp/help/GVRVXQVEDY8CLA47), and [Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
service terms and conditions](/gp/help/G6HWWWCJWX3VACGT).

**New policy: Removal of homeopathic ophthalmic products**

On January 4, 2024, all homeopathic ophthalmic products will be removed from
sale. If you believe that your product has been incorrectly classified as a
homeopathic ophthalmic product, we request you to submit relevant information
to [ophthalmic-safety@amazon.com](mailto:ophthalmic-safety@amazon.com).

As a reminder, Amazon requires that drug products comply with applicable laws,
regulations, standards, and Amazon policies, including current Good
Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) in manufacturing, packaging, labeling, or
holding operations. For more information, go to [Ophthalmic drug
products](/gp/help/G6VSU6Q86RKZKEZW).

**Update to Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement**

Effective January 1, 2024, we will update the Amazon Services Business
Solution Agreement (General Terms, Definitions, and Sections 2, 3, 18, S-5,
F-7.2, P-4) as follows:

  * Update provisions governing conflicts between the General Terms, Service Terms, and Program Policies.
  * Clarify our processes around funds withholding and identity verification for suspected fraud and abuse, including adding appeals language to make funds withholding appeals processes more transparent.
  * Provide that claims for the sale of counterfeit products may be brought in the court of your domicile or habitual residence.
  * Update provisions regarding disposal of unsuitable units.
  * Update the Amazon Contracting Parties to reflect Amazon.com.ca, Inc.'s name change to Amazon.com.ca ULC.

This information is intended to provide a summary of some of the recent
changes. Please be sure to carefully review [the terms of the updated
agreement here](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./1.1_BSA_PDF_English.pdf). Your continued
use of Selling Services constitutes your acceptance of these changes.

## Changes to program policies 2023

Listed below are upcoming changes to Amazon’s program policies.

**New prohibited products policy for water beads**

In the interest of safety, Amazon is prohibiting the sale of water beads
targeted or intended for use by children effective December 22, 2023. Amazon
will contact Sellers by email with details if further action is required.

For more information, go to [Water
beads](/help/hub/reference/external/GFEUQFB9X4YWFVXD).

**New policy: Pool and Spa drain covers**

Effective December 4th, 2023, you must provide documentation for pool and spa
drain covers to comply with the Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act.

The new federal law is intended to reduce injuries and deaths associated with
pool and spa hazards and establishes design requirements for drain covers
(grates), drain configurations, and anti-entrapment systems in public and
semi-public swimming pools and spas.

From December 13, all pool and spa drain covers must comply with 16 CFR Part
1450 (Virginia Graeme Baker Pool and Spa Safety Act Regulations.

To learn more about the new policy, go to [Pool, spa, and drain
covers](/gp/help/GTT32L3J5ZG23FMF).

**Update to Strategic Account Services (SAS) terms and conditions**

Effective November 1, 2023, the terms and conditions have been updated for
Strategic Account Services (SAS) sellers in the United States. The main
changes include the following:

  * SAS rate card update: Pricing cap updated to $7,500 per month for sellers with Ordered Product Sales greater than or equal to $50 million in the Amazon store in the previous calendar year.
  * Billing date update: SAS billing statements will post to sellers' accounts between the first and fifth days of the month.
  * Additional terms update: Amazon may suspend or terminate seller enrollment in the program immediately if Amazon determines that they have mistreated any Amazon employee, which is considered a violation of the Seller Code of Conduct.

For more information, go to the [Strategic Account Services Account Management
Program Terms](/gp/help/G88G864Q9ZFM5KSB).

**Update to clothing storage unit policy**

In the interest of continually protecting customer safety, we are implementing
the regulation, standards and requirements for clothing storage unit policy.

Effective December 11, 2023, Amazon requires that clothing storage units have
been tested to and comply with the regulations, standards, and requirements
listed below:

  * 16 CFR part 1261 OR ASTM F2057-23 (Safety Standard for Clothing Storage Units)
  * 16 CFR Part 1303 (Lead in Paint and Surface Coatings Testing)
  * 40 CFR Part 770 (Formaldehyde Standards for Composite Wood Products)
  * CPSIA (Lead and Phthalates, if intended for children’s use)

For more information about requirements, go to [Clothing storage
units](/gp/help/G7L7RKBERYDEJ8QQ).

**New policy: Mouth tape**

In the interest of safety, Amazon will prohibit mouth tapes starting on July
31, 2023.

For more information, go to [Mouth tape](/gp/help/GGS4MAMUUG4K5TJN).

**Update to Amazon Device Accessories Policy**

Effective July 7, 2023, to ensure a positive seller experience, we’re updating
the [Amazon Device Accessories Policy](/gp/help/G200500100) and [Amazon
devices: Fair use and compatibility guidelines](/gp/help/G200500120). The main
changes include the following:

  * A clarified definition of Amazon device accessories as accessories that are exclusively compatible with an Amazon device. If an accessory is compatible with both Amazon and non-Amazon devices, it doesn’t belong in the Amazon Device Accessories category.
  * The publication of the [Overview of Amazon Device Accessories](/gp/help/GQULUKU23TN5EMHD) page, which shows the list of Amazon devices that the Amazon Device Accessories category applies to. 
  * The removal of duplicated guidance that appears in the fair use and compatibility guidelines for Amazon devices.
  * The clarification of potential consequences for policy violations and violations of Amazon’s intellectual property rights.

**Update to Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) US reimbursement policy**

Effective July 15, 2023, the MCF inventory reimbursement policy will be
updated to a maximum of $300.00 per eligible single unit. This includes MCF
orders that are lost, damaged in transit, or contain the wrong items. For
items valued at more than the maximum reimbursement amount, we recommend that
you buy third-party insurance.

For more information on MCF policies, go to [Multi-Channel Fulfillment:
Fulfill orders for your sales channels](/gp/help/G200332450).

**New policy: Magnet products**

The US Consumer Product Safety Commission launched a new Safety Standard for
Magnets (Magnets Rule) on November 15, 2022. The Magnets Rule contains
requirements to reduce the risk of death or injury to consumers who ingest one
or more small, high-powered magnets.

Amazon requires selling partners to comply with this rule and will begin
requiring selling partners to submit safety and compliance documentation for
new listings and existing listings on April 3, 2023.

For more information, go to [Magnet products](/gp/help/GXDAVVP3RBLKV4GP).

**New policy: Button cell and coin batteries**

Last August, the United States Congress passed Reese's Law, containing
requirements to eliminate or reduce the risk of harm from battery ingestion by
children six years of age or younger. This law applies to any product
manufactured after February 12, 2023.

Amazon requires selling partners to comply with this regulation and will begin
requiring selling partners to submit safety and compliance documentation for
new listings and existing listings by March 2, 2023.

For more information, go to [Reese’s Law](https://www.congress.gov/bill/117th-
congress/house-bill/5313) and the [Button cell and coin batteries help
page](/gp/help/GUBLQYWAJDBADUVK).

**Update to Drop Shipping Policy**

Effective March 13, 2023, we are updating our Drop Shipping Policy page to
provide additional details about our existing policy and help you adhere to
the guidelines. We have updated our examples of drop shipping policy
violations and have added additional requirements needed to fulfill orders
using a drop shipper.

For more information, go to [Drop Shipping Policy](/gp/help/G201808410)

**Express Payout Program Policy**

Effective February 15, 2023, we will expand Express Payouts to offer Express
Payout (Visa Debit Card) in addition to Express Payout (Bank Account) launched
in 2022. With Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), a seller will receive payout
deposits within 24 hours. In order to enroll in Express Payout (Visa Debit
Card), a seller must set their Visa debit card as their primary deposit
method. Debit card eligibility criteria and more information about our 24-hour
program may be found via our [Express Payout FAQ](/gp/help/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX)
and [Express Payout Policy.](/gp/help/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC#Section2)

**Update to Amazon Supply Chain Standards**

We’ve updated our Supply Chain Standards, which take effect on January 19,
2023. These standards are updated every three years as part of a regular
review.

Our Supply Chain Standards apply to all selling partners and suppliers.
Products sold in Amazon stores must comply with these standards and be
produced in a way that respects human rights and the environment and protects
the fundamental dignity of workers.

The updates include additional requirements, expectations, and clarifications,
such as:

  * Additional requirements to protect workers from harmful recruitment and engagement practices, which include providing workers with clear, understandable documentation of the employment terms and conditions before the start of their employment
  * Further clarification that suppliers must have effective grievance mechanisms that workers can use to raise concerns without retaliation
  * Mandatory remediation if any cases of child labor are identified
  * Further clarification that suppliers must provide workers with a safe and healthy work environment that avoids harm to workers' health
  * The prohibition of land-grabbing and any illegal use of natural resources
  * Clearer specifications that suppliers must comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations

To learn more, review the updated [Amazon Supply Chain
Standards](http://amzn.to/supply-chain-standards).

## Changes to program policies 2022

Listed below are upcoming changes to Amazon’s program policies.

**Updates to the Merchant Fulfillment API service terms**

Beginning on December 30, 2022, the Merchant Fulfillment API service terms
will have the following updates applied:  

  1. Prohibit the charging of certain fees for use or access to the Merchant Fulfillment API.
  2. Limit certain modifications to the content obtained through the Merchant Fulfillment API.
  3. Require communication of certain notices to end users.
  4. Define the acceptable use cases for access to the Merchant Fulfillment API.

For more information, see [Merchant Fulfillment API service
terms](/help/hub/reference/G202123940).

**New policy: corded window coverings**

In an effort to reduce the risk of strangulation deaths and serious life-
threatening injuries to children from corded window coverings, the U.S.
Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) voted to approve a new federal
safety standard for operating cords on custom window coverings. Amazon will
launch a policy on November 25, 2022 requiring all stock corded window
coverings have been tested to and comply with the new standard.

**Updates to the FBA inventory reimbursement policy for fulfillment center
operations claims**

Effective November 11, 2022, we are changing the FBA inventory reimbursement
policy to update how we calculate reimbursement value for fulfillment center
operations claims for items that are in an unsellable condition at the time
they are lost or damaged. For unsellable items, Amazon will reimburse you at a
valuation consistent with the estimated proceeds of the discounted sale of the
unit. For more information, go to the [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy](/gp/help/G200213130).

**New policy: Amazon Warehousing and Distribution**

The Amazon Warehousing and Distribution terms and conditions will be added to
the Change to program policies page on November 15, 2022.

**New MFN meltable product shipping policy**

To ensure a positive customer experience, Amazon is implementing a policy on
seller-fulfilled products identified as meltable. **Meltable** refers to all
heat-sensitive products, including but not limited to chocolate, power bars,
gummies, and select jelly- and wax-based products.

As of September 21, 2022, all sellers must take precautions to ensure meltable
products are received in satisfactory condition by the customer at all times.
If a seller has received multiple melted product complaints, we may terminate
corresponding offers and suspend or terminate your Amazon selling account (and
any related accounts).

Amazon products must maintain quality standards when exposed to high
temperatures (75 to 155°F) to ensure a positive customer experience. This
temperature range is set to protect product integrity during product storage
and shipping.

**New policy: Express Payouts**

The [Express Payout terms and conditions](/gp/help/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC) page will
be added to the Program Policies page on September 14, 2022.

**Updates to the Commercial Liability Insurance program policy**

We will no longer be making changes to our [Commercial Liability Insurance
program
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200386300) that
we previously posted on June 13, 2022 with an effective date of August 1,
2022. On August 15, 2022, our commercial liability insurance program policy
will be updated with the following changes:

  * We have removed the restriction on policies with no deductibles for sellers with gross proceeds of less than $1 million.
  * We have reinstated our previous requirement stating that deductibles for any policy(ies) must not be greater than $10,000. Any deductible amount must be listed on your Certificate of Insurance.
  * We will not be changing our new requirements for single-member LLCs, and will continue to allow the insured name to match either your legal entity name or the name you publicly use to identify your business ("trade name", "doing business as", or “DBA").

For more information, go to the ‘frequently asked questions’ section on the
[Business
Insurance](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render?view=up)
page or the [Seller Forums
announcement](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/forums/t/update-on-commercial-
liability-insurance-policies-for-sellers/1169831).

**Updates to fee category names**

On August 10, 2022, we are renaming a number of fee categories on the Amazon
fee schedule to provide clarity to the categories. For example, “Industrial &
Scientific (including Food Service and Janitorial & Sanitation)” will become
“Business, Industrial, and Scientific Supplies.” There are no rate changes
associated with these updates.

**Updates to product safety alerts, recalls, stop sales, and market withdrawal
policy for sellers**

Effective August 8, 2022, Amazon is updating its Product safety alerts,
recalls, stop sales, and market withdrawal policy. The policy pertains to your
responsibilities as a seller and the actions we take when we learn of a
potential product safety defect. To learn more, go to [Product safety alerts,
recalls, stop sales, and market withdrawal policy for
sellers](/gp/help/GRD4EMBNNW3P47GH).

**Updates to Monitor Your Account Health policy and expansion of the Account
Health Rating policy**

Effective August 9, 2022, with the launch of additional features to the
Account Health Rating, we are making the following updates to the Monitor Your
Account Health program policy:

  * We are removing the Monitor Your Account Health policy and converting it into two separate policies: the **Account Health Rating policy** and the **Order Performance policy**. 
  * The Account Health Rating policy has been expanded. Please review the full policy as it includes detailed information regarding new and existing Account Health Rating features.
  * The Order Performance policy was previously part of the Monitor Your Account Health policy. We have moved that content into its own policy page and renamed the policy, but it has not significantly changed.

**Note:** The Order Performance policy requirements are not currently included
in the Account Health Rating.

To learn more, please see the following:

  * [Account Health Rating policy](/gp/help/external/G200205250)
  * [Frequently asked questions about Account Health Rating](/gp/help/external/GR786P4BPEVKTBAG)
  * [Order Performance policy](/gp/help/external/GGJVNFDXQT8C3RA8)

**Updates to Adult Products Policies**

Effective July 26, 2022, our adult products policies and guidelines will be
updated with clarifications about adult products and explicit sexual imagery.

Effective January 17, 2022, all wand massagers and kegel/ben wa balls will be
classified as adult products. These items will continue to be available for
sale and discoverable to all customers searching for them within their current
listing category.

For more information, go to [Adult products policies &
guidelines](/gp/help/G200339940).

**Update to the FBA inventory reimbursement policy**

Effective July 21, 2022, the eligibility criteria in the FBA inventory
reimbursement policy will be updated. For an item to be eligible under this
policy, the following must be true:

  * The shipment for the item is not in canceled or deleted status. 
  * When a lost or damaged item claim is filed, under review, and during any appeals, the seller’s account must be in normal status.

For more information, go to [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy](/gp/help/200213130).

**Updates to the commercial liability insurance program policy**

Effective August 1, 2022, our United States commercial liability insurance
program policy will be updated with the following changes:

  * Your policy can include a deductible if (i) your gross proceeds from sales of your products in the Amazon.com store exceed USD 1 million in the last 12 months, and (ii) the deductible is listed on your Certificate of Insurance;
  * For single-member LLCs, the insured name can match either your legal entity name or the name you publicly use to identify your business (“trade name,” “doing business as,” or “DBA”);
  * We will provide guidance on how you can obtain a commercial liability insurance if you currently do not have one or are looking for a new policy;
  * We will delete the frequently asked questions section from the current program policy page, have them updated, and move them to a newly created help page.

For more information, go to the ‘frequently asked questions’ section on the
[Business
Insurance](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render)
page.

**Update to policy for shipment of dangerous goods in limited quantities**

Effective April 25, 2022, we will no longer allow limited quantities of
dangerous goods to be shipped to offshore US island destinations through FBA.
Sellers must use third-party shippers to ship all dangerous goods to those
destinations.

**Update on countries accepted for seller registration**

Effective March 11, 2022, we are not accepting registrations from Russia or
Belarus. For more information, see [Countries accepted for seller
registration](/gp/help/G200405020).

**Introducing fee category guidelines**

As part of our efforts to make fee categories easier to understand, we are
introducing [fee category guidelines](/gc/fee-category-guidelines). These
guidelines, effective March 16, 2022, provide detailed lists of products
mapped to each fee category, allowing you to quickly find the fee category for
a specific item.

For more information, go to [Understanding fee
categories](/gp/help/GNJSJ7GP26PD5XWJ).

## Changes to program policies 2021

**New policy: Strike anywhere matches**

Effective November 19, 2021, we will no longer allow the sale of any product
that contains "strike anywhere" matches on Amazon. To learn more, go to
[Strike anywhere matches](/gp/help/GEENN56JW9QU8MJS).

**Referral fees reimbursement policy**

Effective December 2, 2021, we are removing the 90-day dispute window
requirement for referral fee reimbursement claims. We are adding additional
clarification that we will consider claims to be invalid when the fee
transaction is contrary to the fee category guidelines in effect at the time
of the fee transaction. For more information, go to [Referral fees
reimbursement policy](/gp/help/GRRJCFXD6474GRLY).

**Free returns on Fashion items for seller-fulfilled orders**

Effective October 26, 2021, all seller-fulfilled offers on Fashion items will
feature a free return message, and sellers will no longer be able to deduct
the return shipping fee for **Fashion items** listed under Apparel, Shoes,
Jewelry, and Watches in the US. To learn more, go to [Free returns on Fashion
items for seller–fulfilled orders](/gp/help/GEKBRFKQE38CQA6V).

**Upcoming changes to program policies**

Effective **May 18, 2021** , the following fee-related program policy pages
will be updated in the US for clarity and the names will be changed where
indicated:

  * “FBA features, services, fees, and resources,” which will also be renamed to “FBA features, services, and fees”
  * “FBA fulfillment fees for Amazon.com orders,” which will also be renamed to “FBA fulfillment fee”
  * “FBA removal order fees”
  * “FBA long-term storage fees,” which will also be renamed to “Long-term storage fees”
  * “Inventory storage fees,” which will also be renamed to “Monthly inventory storage fees”
  * “Returns processing fee”
  * “Selling on Amazon fee schedule”

There are no changes from the rates currently charged.

Further, effective on the same date mentioned above, new program policy pages
dedicated to the FBA disposal order fee, lithium batteries fee, and special
handling fee will be added in the US for clarity. There are no changes from
the rates currently charged.

**Upcoming changes to program policies**

Effective **March 19, 2021,** we are adding the [unsuitable inventory
investigations policy](/gp/help/H4YYXNDRW9BSZEN) as a new program policy.

Under this policy, if there is suspicion that a selling partner may have been
engaged in the sale of counterfeit products or other illegal goods at Amazon,
we may require additional information regarding the affected FBA inventory. If
the requested information is not provided, or we find after investigation that
the inventory constitutes unsuitable units, we may dispose of it.

## Changes to program policies 2020

**Update to selling services terms and policies – September 2020**

The [Selling services terms](/gp/help/G201484410) and [Selling services on
Amazon policies](/gp/help/G201840340) were updated to include product sale and
delivery requirements

**Update to communication guidelines**

Effective November 6, 2020, our communication guidelines were updated with
additional information related to buyer-seller messages. For more information,
go to the [updated guidelines](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/CommunicationGuidelines/en_US_Communication_Guidelines.pdf).

**Update to restricted products policy**

The [Animals and animal-related products](/gp/help/G200164370) page of our
restricted products policy was updated to include veterinary diets as an
example of permitted listings on August 19, 2020.

**Sold by Amazon terms and conditions**

The Sold by Amazon terms and conditions page will be removed from the program
policies page on July 4, 2020.

**Amazon Vine legal entity change**

On January 24, 2020, the legal entity listed in the [Amazon Vine terms and
conditions](/gp/help/G3MB5C56WDZZXHBG) was changed to Amazon.com Services LLC.

**Update to tax policies**

Our [tax policies](/gp/help/G200405820) are being updated with additional
information related to tax treatments that could apply based on your use of
Amazon services and selling in Amazon stores.

  * Responsibility for taxes
  * Taxes on fees and payments
  * Shipping products internationally

**Note:** You are responsible for identifying your tax obligations.
Information from Amazon does not constitute tax, legal, or other professional
advice and must not be used as such. Consult your professional advisers if you
have questions.

**Referral fees reimbursement policy**

The [Referral fees reimbursement policy](/gp/help/GRRJCFXD6474GRLY) page will
be added to the program policies page on February 5, 2020.

Your continued use of selling services after February 5, 2020, constitutes
your acceptance of the updated agreement.

