---
title: Children’s Product Certificate (CPC)
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSGB43AFZNDWD4U8
section: General Documentation
---

In the US, children's products are defined as a consumer product designed or
intended primarily for children 12 years of age or younger. Children’s
products are regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) and
are subject to a set of federal safety rules called children’s product safety
rules. Manufacturers and importers of children’s products must certify, in a
written Children’s Product Certificate (CPC) based on test results from a
[CPSC-accepted laboratory](https://www.cpsc.gov/cgi-bin/labsearch/), that
their children’s products comply with applicable children’s product safety
rules. The CPC and supporting test reports must be in English.

## Our policy for Children’s Product Certificates

If we request a CPC, the document you provide must include **all** of the
information listed below. Amazon may not be listed as importer, record holder,
or any other responsible party on the CPC.

**Note:** If an inaccurate ASIN is listed as a product identifier, you must
provide an updated CPC with the correct ASIN, even when the model number is
accurate. Any ASIN provided on the CPC must be an exact match with the listed
ASIN. If an ASIN is present on the CPC, it will take precedence over all other
product identifiers.

  * **Identification of the product covered by the certificate:** Describe the product or products covered by the certification in enough detail that the certificate can be matched to each product it covers and no others. Acceptable identifiers include, but are not limited to, detailed product description, ASIN number, model number, or part number.
  * **Citation to each CPSC children’s product safety rule to which the product is certified:** The certificate must identify separately each children’s product safety rule that is applicable to the children’s product. Go to [CPSC’s Rules Requiring Third-Party Testing](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Testing-Certification/Lab-Accreditation/Rules-Requiring-Third-Party-Testing) for a list of citations that must be included (if applicable to the product).

**Note:** The CPC must list **all** applicable product safety rules for which
the product was tested.

  * **Identification of the importer or domestic manufacturer that certifies compliance of the product:** Provide at least the name, full mailing address, and telephone number of the importer or US domestic manufacturer.

**Note:** The importer listed on the CPC can be either a domestic or a foreign
entity

  * **Contact information for the individual who maintains records of test results:** Provide at least the name, full mailing address, email address, and telephone number of the person who maintains the test records in support of the certification.
  * **Date and place where the product was manufactured:** For the date or dates when the product was manufactured, provide at least the month and year. For the place of manufacture, provide at least the city (or administrative region), state (if applicable), and country where the product was manufactured or finally assembled.
  * **Provide the dates and places when the product was tested for compliance with the consumer product safety rule or rules cited above:** For the locations where the product was tested, provide at least a city (or administrative region) and country. Provide the dates of testing (or of the test reports) in month/year format. 
  * **Identify any third party, CPSC-accepted laboratory on whose testing the certificate depends:** Provide the name, full mailing address, and telephone number of the laboratory. Registered [small batch manufacturers](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Small-Business-Resources/Small-Batch-Manufacturers-and-Third-Party-) who are not required to third-party-test their product to certain children’s product safety requirements must include the registration number provided by the CPSC in this section of the CPC.

**Note:** If multiple test reports are submitted from different labs, the CPC
must list the relevant details for each lab. The details must include at least
the name, postal address, and phone number.

## Sample Children’s Product Certificate for a children's toy

Below is a [Sample Children Product Certificate](https://www.cpsc.gov/Testing-
Certification/Childrens-Product-Certificate-CPC) by the CPSC (Consumer Product
Safety Commission):  

  1. **Identification of the product covered by this certificate:**

Children’s Toy Shape Sorter, Model “Show and Tell,” #34kTy, Blue, Red, Yellow
Models

Color can be a source of lead. Tests of each color may be required to issue
this CPC.

  2. **Citation to each CPSC product safety regulation to which this product is certified:**

In this section, you may list just citations. The titles for each children’s
product safety rule are provided here for educational purposes only.

15 U.S.C. § 1278a (preferred citation) or Sec. 101 of the Consumer Product
Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CPSIA), Pub. L. No. 110-314 (August 14, 2008)
(CPSIA), Ban on Total Lead Content in Excess of 100 ppm in Children’s
Products.

16 CFR Part 1303, Ban of Lead-Containing Paint and Certain Consumer Products
Bearing Lead-Containing Paint for Toys and Other Articles Intended for
Children.

16 CFR Part 1501, Small Parts Ban for Toys and Other Articles Intended for
Children under 3 Years of Age which Present Choking, Aspiration, or Ingestion
Hazards.

Toy Safety Standard, ASTM F 963-17 Section 4.3.5.2 Heavy Elements in
Accessible Toy Substrate Materials.

  3. **Identification of the importer or domestic manufacturer that certifies compliance of the product:**

Toys Toys Toys Importers

123 Toy Lane, Los Angeles, CA 56789

(456) 789-0123

  4. **Contact information for the individual who maintains records of test results:**

Lisa Lane, Compliance Manager

Toys Toys Toys Importers

123 Toy Lane, Los Angeles, CA 56789

_llane@toytoystoysimport.net_

(456) 789-0123, ext. 788

  5. **Date and place where the product was manufactured:**

June 2011, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China

  6. **Date and place where the product was tested for compliance with the regulations cited above:**

June 2011; August 2011; Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China

  7. **Identify the CPSC-accepted third party where this product was tested by an accredited laboratory (accepted by the CPSC) for compliance with the regulations cited above:**

Guangzhou Quality Labs

No. 023 Shi Nan Road

Dong Zhou, Pan Zi

Guangzhou City Guangdong Province, China. 511453

+(86) 20 09 7723 5467

## Additional resources

  * [Children’s Product Certificate (CPC)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Testing-Certification/Childrens-Product-Certificate-CPC)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission Business Education](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education)

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not, and is not
intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

