---
title: Children's upper clothing with drawstrings
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G8FDB4PSHS4AACQ5
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on our store, you must comply with all applicable laws
and regulations and Amazon policies related to those products and product
listings.  
  
## Children's upper clothing with drawstrings covered by this policy

This policy applies to children’s upper clothing with drawstrings, including,
but not limited to, clothing sizes 2T to 12 (large) with hood and neck
drawstrings such as hoodies and outerwear, and children’s upper clothing sizes
2T to 16 (extra-large) with drawstrings at the waist and bottom of the
garment.

Pants, shorts, and skirts that aren’t intended for the upper portion of the
body are excluded from this policy.

## Our policy for children’s clothing with drawstrings

Children’s clothing with drawstrings may pose a hazard if the drawstrings
become entangled with other objects. Drawstrings located at the waist and
bottom of the upper clothing must not be longer than 3 inches outside the
drawstring channel when the garment is expanded to its fullest width.
Additionally, drawstrings must not have toggles, knots, or other attachments
at their free ends. If drawstrings at the waist and bottom of a garment sizes
2T to 16 are in one continuous string, that string must be stitched through
the fabric (bar-tacked) to prevent the drawstring from being pulled through
its channel.

Customers need to be confident they will find a comprehensive selection of
safe, reliable, and compliant products in our store. Amazon does not allow the
listing and sale of prohibited, non-compliant or unsafe products in our store.
In the interest of safety, children’s upper outerwear clothing sizes 2T to 12
with hood and neck drawstrings, such as jackets and sweatshirts, generally
intended to be worn on the exterior of other garments, are prohibited. This
prohibition does not include upper wear such as underwear and inner layers.

If you believe your product has been incorrectly classified as a prohibited
product, please submit the following information to [highrisk-
babyproducts@amazon.com](mailto:highrisk-babyproducts@amazon.com)

  * A list of the ASINs you believe have been misclassified; 
  * An explanation about why you believe the ASINs have been misclassified; and
  * Evidence that demonstrates that the ASINs have been misclassified

Amazon requires that all other children’s upper clothing in sizes 2T to 16
(extra-large) with drawstrings at the waist and bottom of the garment have
been tested to and comply with the specific regulations, standards and
requirements listed below:

Product  | Regulations and Standards   
---|---  
Children’s upper clothing in sizes 2T to 16 (extra-large) with drawstrings at the waist and bottom of garment |  All of the following:

  * ASTM F1816-18 (Standard Safety Specification for Drawstrings on Children's Upper Outerwear); **and**
  * CPSIA 101 (Lead); **and**
  * 16 CFR 1610 ([Standard for the Flammability of Clothing Textiles](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-16/chapter-II/subchapter-D/part-1610)); **and**
  * CPSA Section 14(a)(5) (Tracking Label)

  
  
## Required information

You are required to have this information. We may ask you to submit it at any
time, so we recommend that you have it easily accessible:

  * Your company name (if applicable) and seller ID
  * Your contact information: email address and phone number
  * A list of all children’s upper clothing with drawstrings at the waist and bottom in sizes 2T to 16 (extra-large), that you offer on our store
  * Product instructions and manuals for the children’s upper clothing with drawstrings at the waist and bottom in sizes 2T to 16 (extra-large)
  * Images showing product labels, relevant safety information, compliance markings, hazard warnings, all sides of the product packaging
  * Test reports from a CPSC-accepted laboratory showing the product complies with the regulations, standards, and requirements listed above 
    * Test reports must contain images of the tested products to demonstrate the product tested is the same as the product listed on the detail page
  * Either product images **or** test report as evidence of compliance with tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14 (a)(5))
  * A Children's Product Certificate (CPC) for all children’s upper clothing with drawstrings at the waist and bottom in sizes 2T to 16 (extra-large) you offer on our store

**Note:** All documents, test reports, or certificates provided to Amazon must
be authentic and in their original (unmodified) format.

## Compliance services

If you need help getting compliance certifications, testing, and audits, use
our [service provider network](/gspn).

## Submit information

Complete the following steps to submit compliance documentation or appeal for
a single product:  

  1. Go to the **Performance** tab and choose **Account health**.
  2. Under **Manage your compliance** in the bottom right corner, click **Product compliance requests**.   

    1. To provide documentation, click **Provide documents** ; or
    2. To appeal, click **Appeal request** and select the appropriate **Appeal reason** from the drop-down menu.
  3. To upload the documentation, drag and drop files or browse to select files.
  4. Click **Submit** to send your submission for review by Amazon.

Complete the following steps to submit compliance documentation or appeal in
bulk:  

  1. Go to the **Performance** tab and choose **Account health**.
  2. Under **Manage your compliance** in the bottom right corner, click **Product compliance requests**.
  3. Click **Upload file for compliance**. 
  4. Click **Generate template** to download a template that contains all your active requests.
  5. Once you've completed the template, click the **Upload compliance documents and completed template** tab.  

    1. Upload documents that you've listed for the ASINs in the template, drag and drop files, or browse to select files; and
    2. Click **Choose file** to upload the completed template.
  6. Click **Submit** to send your submission for review by Amazon. 

## Policy violations

If you do not provide the required information by the applicable deadline, we
may take the following actions:

  * Remove the relevant product listings;
  * Suspend your ability to add new products, your listing privileges, or both; and
  * Withhold any payments due to you.

We reserve the right to take any further actions that may be necessary in our
sole discretion.

## Additional resources

  * [Amazon services business solutions agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) regulated products](/gp/help/external/GKHQEFBM7834V6AV)
  * [The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Regulations-Laws--Standards/Statutes/The-Consumer-Product-Safety-Improvement-Act)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) Business Education](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education)
  * [CPSC Drawstrings in Children's Upper Outerwear guide](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Business-Guidance/Drawstrings-in-Childrens-Upper-Outerwear)

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not, and is not
intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

