---
title: Children’s school supplies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GXT3EFQS54LRKYM3
section: General Documentation
---

## Children's school supplies

If you list products on Amazon, you must comply with all applicable laws,
regulations, standards, and our policies related to those products and product
listings.

## Children's school supplies covered by this policy

#### Backpacks

A backpack is a bag made of plastic, cloth, nylon, or other material and
includes a snap, zipper, clasp, or drawstring closure, and is typically used
to store school books and supplies. Backpacks often have two straps worn
around the shoulders or one strap across the chest to hold the pack on one’s
back.

#### Book covers

A book cover is used to protect textbooks that are often lent by schools to
their students. Book covers are made from stretchy fabric, paper, or similar
material and often include decorative designs, such as flowers, animals, or
cartoons.

#### Lunch bags or boxes

A lunch bag or box is made of plastic, cloth, nylon, metal, or other material
and includes a snap, zipper, or magnetic closure, and is typically used to
store food items.

#### Pencil cases or pouches

A pencil case or pouch is a small bag or container made of plastic, cloth,
nylon, PVC (Polyvinyl chloride), or other material and includes a snap,
zipper, or clasp closure, and is typically used to store small school
supplies.

## Our policy for children's school supplies

Amazon requires that all children’s school supplies have been tested to and
comply with the regulations, standards, and requirements listed below:

Product | Regulations, standards, and requirements  
---|---  
Children’s backpacks |  All of the following:

  * CPSIA Section 101 (Lead)
  * CSPA RCW 70.240.020 (Phthalates, Cadmium)
  * 16 CFR 1501 (Small parts)
  * Tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14(a)(5))

  
Children's book covers |  All of the following:

  * CPSIA Section 101 (Lead)
  * CSPA RCW 70.240.020 (Phthalates, Cadmium)
  * 16 CFR 1501 (Small parts)
  * Tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14(a)(5))

  
Children’s lunch bags and boxes |  All of the following:

  * CPSIA Section 101 (Lead)
  * CSPA RCW 70.240.020 (Phthalates, Cadmium)
  * 16 CFR 1501 (Small parts)
  * Tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14(a)(5))

  
Children’s pencil cases or pouches |  All of the following:

  * CPSIA Section 101 (Lead)
  * CSPA RCW 70.240.020 (Phthalates, Cadmium)
  * 16 CFR 1501 (Small parts)
  * Tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14(a)(5))

  
  
**Your detail page must contain the following information:**

  * Manufacturer or brand name 
  * Age grading, which must match that listed on the test report 
  * [Small parts warning](/gp/help/external/G200292910)* 

* Applicable cautionary statements (hazard warnings) must be displayed on the detail page.

**You must submit the following:**

**Documents:**

  * Test reports from a CPSC (Consumer Product Safety Commission) accepted laboratory that show that the product complies with the regulations, standards, and requirements listed above 
  * A [Children’s Product Certificate (CPC)](/gp/help/external/GSGB43AFZNDWD4U8)

**Images:**

  * Model, part, or item number
  * Name and address of manufacturer, importer, distributor, or authorized representative
  * Product labels
  * Compliance markings
  * Hazard warnings
  * Product instructions and manuals

**Note:** All documents, test reports, or certificates provided to Amazon must
be authentic and in their original, unmodified format.

When submitting images or documentation with images, please ensure the
following:

  * Images are clear and legible
  * Images demonstrate that the product is the same as the product tested and listed on the product detail page
  * Product instructions, manuals, safety information, labels, and warnings are in English and the language of the intended country of sale

**Note:** Where possible, providing images of all sides of a product or its
packaging may ensure that the requirements are met and reduce the possibility
of delays in approval process.

Customer safety is our top priority. We reserve the right to ask for
additional information to verify product safety and compliance at any time.

## Compliance services

If you need help getting compliance certifications, testing, and audits, use
our [Service Provider Network](/gspn/searchpage/Compliance).

## Submit information

To submit documents or appeal a compliance requirement, go to [Submit
compliance documents or appeal a documentation
request](/gp/help/GC35Z63FGCUCUWXX).

## Policy violations

If you don’t provide the required information (listed above) upon request, we
reserve the right to take any further actions in accordance with the Amazon
Services Business Solutions Agreement, including, but not limited to, removing
the relevant product listings.

## Resources

  * [Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/external/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) regulated products](/help/hub/reference/external/GKHQEFBM7834V6AV)
  * [CPSIA Choking Hazard Warnings and Material Content Limits](/help/hub/reference/external/G200292910)
  * [Children’s Product Certificate (CPC)](/help/hub/reference/external/GSGB43AFZNDWD4U8)
  * [Marking and labeling requirements for children’s products](/help/hub/reference/external/GN9YK5Y7TYGRGNRG)
  * [The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Regulations-Laws--Standards/Statutes/The-Consumer-Product-Safety-Improvement-Act/)
  * [CPSC-Accepted Testing Laboratories](https://www.cpsc.gov/cgi-bin/labsearch/)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) Business Education](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education)

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not and is not
intended to constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

