---
title: Close your seller account
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200399470
section: General Documentation
---

You can choose to downgrade your account from a Professional selling plan to
an Individual selling plan if you don't want to be charged a monthly
subscription fee. To downgrade your account to an Individual selling plan,
click **Selling on Amazon** in [Manage Your Services](/gp/express-
boarding/mys-wizard-mode/components/manage-your-services.html). For more
information, go to [Selling plans](/gp/help/G64491).  
  
If you choose to close your account, go to **Settings** and click **Account
Info**. In the **Account Management** section on the left hand side of the
page, click [Close Account](/cu/contact-
us?categoryId=30003&typeId=30011&ref_=macs_xxclose_cont_acinfohm&). Fill in
all the required fields and click **Send** to submit your request. We will
then contact you for assistance. You will receive a confirmation email once
your account has been closed, or an email detailing why your account can't be
closed at this time and additional steps required. Note that you must close
each regional account individually: North America, Europe, Japan, and
Australia. If you keep any accounts open with a Professional selling plan and
have buyable listings, you will still be subject to a monthly subscription
fee. For more information on monthly subscription fees for merged accounts, go
to [Merge accounts](/gp/help/G201841950). You can see a list of your global
accounts [here](/account/management/ref).

**Note:** If you choose to close your account, Amazon can't reactivate or
reinstate closed accounts. Therefore, if you want to sell on Amazon in the
future, you have to sign up again [here](https://sell.amazon.com).

Before you choose to permanently close your seller account, we urge you to
read the following.

## Suspend your listings

  * To temporarily suspend your listings, see [Listings status for holidays and other absences](/gp/help/G200135620).
  * To remove all your listings and keep your seller account active for future use, see [Stop selling a product](/gp/help/G200216110).

## Steps to take before closing your seller account

If you decide to permanently close your account, follow these steps:  

  1. Fulfill any outstanding orders.
  2. Wait 90 days after your last sale to ensure the A-to-z Guarantee claims period is honored.
  3. Wait until you have a zero balance in your account (your next disbursement or charge date).
  4. Resolve all of your transactions with buyers, including issuing any necessary refunds.
  5. Confirm that your [bank account information](/gp/help/G19791) on file is up-to-date to receive a final payment.
  6. Check your **Performance notifications** to make sure that all the reasons for your account's suspension have been resolved and your account is restored.

**Note:** If you have Fulfillment by Amazon inventory, you must submit a
request to either return or dispose all inventory before closing your account.
To learn more about creating removal orders, see [Remove inventory
(overview)](/gp/help/G200280650).

## What will happen if I close my account?

If you choose to permanently close your seller account, read the following
information first:

  * Once you close your seller account, you will no longer have access to it. You can't view order history, process returns, issue refunds, respond to [A-to-z Guarantee claims](/gp/help/G1781), or communicate with buyers.
  * If you have a North America Unified Account and you close your seller account, all of your other eligible accounts will be shut down at the same time. For example, if you close your United States account, your Canada, Mexico and Brazil accounts will also be closed. The simplest way to tell if you have a North America Unified Account is to check whether the store switcher is available in the header of your seller account. To learn more, see [North America Unified Account FAQ](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G201642980) (this page is only available to sellers with US account).
  * If you have an Amazon Europe Stores Account and close your seller account, your account will be shut down across all Amazon European stores. To learn more, see [Selling on Amazon's European Stores](https://sellercentral-europe.amazon.com/gp/help/200671260) (this page is only available to sellers with EU account).
  * If you are enrolled in US tax calculation services, view the [Downgrade / Upgrade and Tax Calculation Service](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G202101950) (this page is only available to sellers with US account) page for important information before closing your account.

Accounts cannot be closed within 90 days of your last sale. This guarantees
that the A-to-z Guarantee claim period is honored. If you have any open A-to-z
Guarantee claims, your account must remain open until they're settled. Your
account balance must be zero before your account can be closed.

