---
title: Colorado Marketplace Tax and Retail Delivery Fee Collection FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLHTNXZHNADQ7Q66
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have questions.

#### What is a Marketplace Facilitator (MPF)?

MPF is commonly defined as a business that contracts with third-party sellers
to “facilitate” the sale of physical property, digital goods, and/or services
owned and supplied by the third party through an online store or
“marketplace.” Based on this definition, Amazon is a marketplace facilitator.

#### What is Marketplace Tax Collection (MTC)?

MTC is a common term Amazon uses for marketplace facilitator laws that
identify the MPF as the party responsible to collect and remit sales and use
taxes and/or regulatory fees on products shipped to customers in those
jurisdictions (state, county, city, district) that have enacted such laws.

#### What is unique about Colorado’s marketplace facilitator legislation?

Colorado’s marketplace tax collection rules apply to sales and use tax in
state-administered jurisdictions. The state’s legislation does not include
home rule jurisdiction taxes (jurisdictions which self-collect) which have not
enacted ordinances to do so. As a result, orders destined to a home rule
jurisdiction could have multiple parties (“the seller” and Amazon) responsible
for individual jurisdictions that a total tax rate consists of.

For example, an order shipping to a home rule jurisdiction will have the
applicable state-administered tax (state, county, district) which will be
calculated by Amazon, however a home rule city tax cannot be calculated by
Amazon, as this is a home rule jurisdiction tax and remains the seller’s
responsibility.

Home rule jurisdictions must enact their own marketplace tax collection rules
for Amazon to calculate, collect, and remit the home rule jurisdiction tax
onto third-party seller orders. Otherwise, Amazon cannot collect home rule
jurisdiction taxes and the tax obligation remains the responsibility of the
sellers to remit.

For a complete list of home rule jurisdictions, see the Colorado Department of
Revenue form DR1002, available [on their
website](https://tax.colorado.gov/local-government-sales-tax).

#### Do any home rule jurisdictions have Marketplace Tax Collection?

Taxes will move to Marketplace Tax Collection as local ordinance changes and
are implemented by Amazon. Taxes collected by Amazon will be reflected in your
order reports, available in Seller Central. For additional reporting
information, go to [Sales tax information in seller
reports](/gp/help/G201706680).

For other home rule questions or additional information, please contact your
local home rule jurisdiction.

####  **What taxes will Amazon calculate on third-party orders shipped to
Colorado?**

Amazon will calculate and collect state administered and participating home
rule sales and use taxes (under MTC law), from buyers, and remit (as the
taxpayer) to the appropriate tax authority. Amazon will not calculate and
remit taxes for home rule jurisdictions if they have not enacted Marketplace
Tax Collection legislation.

#### Will Amazon collect the Colorado retail delivery fee on third-party
orders shipped to Colorado?

Yes, Amazon will collect the Colorado retail delivery fee from a buyer on
applicable orders. The fee applies to a buyer’s whole order versus an
individual item you sell. Due to this, the fee will not be included in your
order or transaction detail pages, or payments reporting.

For additional information, go to the [Colorado Department of Revenue Retail
Delivery Fee website](https://tax.colorado.gov/retail-delivery-fee).

#### What tax am I as a seller responsible for on orders shipped to Colorado?

You may potentially still have an obligation to remit home rule sales and use
taxes that Amazon cannot collect, even though you also cannot collect the home
rule tax on orders using Amazon's Tax Calculation Services. Your
responsibility depends on your business obligations. Please consult your
professional tax advisor to determine the impacts of Colorado’s marketplace
facilitator legislation on your business.

#### What is Amazon doing to support home rule tax calculations?

We are prioritizing enhancements to our Tax Calculation Services to support
Colorado home rule jurisdictions that have not enacted marketplace tax
collection legislation. In the meantime, we encourage you to work with your
tax professional to determine any impact to your business.

#### How do I find orders shipped to Colorado to determine home rule city
taxes?

Your **Payments Date Range Report** is the best option to locate orders
shipped to a Colorado home rule jurisdiction.  

  1. Go to your [Date Range Reports](/payments/reports/custom/request?tbla_daterangereportstable) and click **Generate Report**. In the **Generate date range report** pop-up window select the following:  

    1. Select **Transaction**.
    2. Select your desired **Reporting Date Range**.
    3. Click **Generate** a report.
  2. When the report is ready, the **Download** button will appear under **Action**. You can open the report in Excel, Google Sheets, or a similar spreadsheet program.
  3. Apply filters in your report starting on row 8 (headers for the columns):  

    1. Filter column "order state" for Colorado **and** CO to capture all Colorado orders.
    2. Filter column "order city" for cities within Colorado that are home rule jurisdictions. For a complete list of home rule jurisdictions, see the Colorado Department of Revenue form DR1002, available [on their website](https://tax.colorado.gov/local-government-sales-tax). 
  4. Product sales (amounts) are located in column M.

#### Additional resources

For more information, please visit [Colorado's Department of Revenue
website](https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/tax/sales-tax-changes) or read
through the legislation [HB19-1240](https://leg.colorado.gov/bills/hb19-1240).

