---
title: Communicate with buyers using the Buyer-Seller Messaging Service
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200389080
section: General Documentation
---

The [Buyer-Seller Messaging Service](/messaging/inbox) lets you communicate
with buyers in the Amazon marketplace via Seller Central, or your personal or
business email. You can contact a buyer directly from your seller account on
Seller Central or by using your authorized email account (if you have the
buyer's encrypted email address that was previously generated by Buyer-Seller
Messaging). Either way, your correspondence will be visible on the Buyer-
Seller Messages page.

**Important:** In general, you can contact buyers only to complete orders or
to respond to customer service questions. You cannot contact buyers for
marketing or promotional purposes (including via email, physical mail,
telephone, or otherwise). For more information, see [Communication
Guidelines](/gp/help/G1701).

If the buyer you are trying to contact has opted out of receiving messages,
you can contact them based on the qualifications for sending a critical
message. For more information, see [Send a critical message to a
buyer](/gp/help/GRZ5Y5YEN9J84NAC).

Buyer-Seller Messaging is the only approved method for communicating with
buyers on Amazon.

Sellers may contact buyers by clicking on the Buyer’s name or a Contact buyer
button on the Manage Orders, [Feedback Manager](/feedback-
manager/index.html#/), [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/), [Manage A-to-Z
Claims](/gp/guarantee-claims/home.html), or the [Buyer-Seller
Messages](/messaging/inbox) pages.

