---
title: Compliance ID Attribute – Pesticide Marking
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLX9EJX844SNJX7J
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** Products identified by Amazon as pesticides or pesticide devices
must have values for the Pesticide Marking attribute. This includes products
making pesticide claims. Only qualified U.S. residents may sell pesticides on
Amazon.com. For details, go to [Pesticides and Pesticide
Devices](/gp/help/202115120).

## Why is my product flagged as a pesticide?

You may not be aware you are selling products the EPA considers pesticides or
pesticide devices, as it can be hard to identify which products qualify and
why. In addition to conventional pesticides, the EPA classifies as pesticides
or pesticide devices most products that are marketed to disinfect, repel
insects, remove allergens, or prevent bacteria, or that make any other
antiviral, antimicrobial, antifungal, antibacterial, or other pesticidal
claim. These claims are sometimes used to market a wide variety of products,
including clothing, home goods, air and water filters, and lawn and garden
products. EPA guidance on what is considered a pesticide can be found
[here](https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-pesticides/what-pesticide) and on
pesticide devices can be found
[here](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/pesticide-devices-guide-consumers).

In many cases, the claim may be the only reason the product is being
classified as a pesticide, and removing the claim may lift the restriction on
the product. This is determined on a case by case basis. Some common pesticide
claims include:

  * Prevents, blocks, removes, neutralizes or controls bacteria or other pests
  * Sanitizes, disinfects or sterilizes
  * Resists mildew
  * Removes or prevents mold 

In addition to these more common claims, there is a very broad range of
products that are also identified as pesticides by FIFRA due to specific terms
used in describing the product. A few examples of these claims are:

  * A door knob claiming to resist bacteria
  * Socks or shoes that claim antimicrobial properties
  * A boat or automobile cover claiming to prevent mildew
  * A mattress claiming to be antibacterial
  * A dehumidifier claiming to mechanically prevent mold
  * A pillow case claiming to be resistant to dust mites
  * A “mildew resistant” shower curtain

## Modify your listing details

You can modify information for products and listings either one at a time
using the [Manage Inventory](/myi/search/DefaultView.amzn) tool in your seller
account, or through an inventory file upload.

If you are not the only seller contributing information to a product detail
page, you might find that some of your requested changes do not appear. For
more information, go to [There is a mistake on a product detail page. How can
I correct it?](/gp/help/26571).

## Edit product details one at a time

To edit product details one at a time, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select **Manage Inventory** from the dropdown menu. 
  2. Find the listing you want to edit, and select **Edit** from the dropdown menu for that listing.
  3. Select **Advanced** View and navigate to the **Compliance** tab to find the **Pesticide Marking** attribute.
  4. Select **EPA Registration Number** or **EPA Establishment Number** from the Pesticide Marking attribute dropdown.
     * If you believe your product is not a pesticide or an exempt pesticide as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, please first select “EPA registration number” and proceed to the next step. You will then be guided to provide details regarding your product’s non-pesticide or exempt pesticide status.
     * If your pesticide product contains both registration and establishment numbers, please input only the registration number.
  5. Select one of the options from the **Pesticide Registration** Status dropdown menu:
     * This product is a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product is not a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product qualifies for an exemption from registration under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act. Go to [Pesticides and Pesticide Devices](/gp/help/202115120) for details.
  6. Enter the EPA Registration number or EPA Establishment number in the Pesticide Certification Number field (required for pesticide and pesticide devices).
     * If you selected “This product is not a pesticide…” or “This product qualifies for an exemption…” above, please leave this field blank.
  7. Click **Save and Finish**. 

## To change more than one product at a time

To change more than one product at a time through an inventory file upload,
follow these steps.

This feature is available to sellers with [Professional selling
plans](/gp/help/64491).

**Important:** Download the most recent version of the Inventory file to be
able to view the Pesticides Marking attribute as previous versions of
Inventory files will not have this attribute.

The custom option allows you to choose attribute groups associated with the
selected products that you can add to your template.  

  1. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select [Add Products via Upload](/listing/download?ref) from the dropdown menu, and click on the **Download Inventory File** tab.
  2. Identify the applicable categories and sub-categories from the **Search tool** or via the **Product Classifier**.
  3. Click **Select** to add the categories to the inventory file template. 
  4. Select **Custom Mode** mode and select the **Basic** and **Compliance** attributes from the available attribute groups options.
  5. Click **Add** to **Selected Attribute Groups**.
  6. Click **Generate Template**.
  7. Enter the SKUs that need to be updated in the **item_sku** column.
  8. Select **partial_update** from the dropdown in the **update_delete** column.
  9. Navigate to the **Pesticide Marking** column in the **Compliance** section.
  10. Select **EPA Registration Number** or **EPA Establishment Number** from the **Pesticide Marking** dropdown. 
     * If you believe your product is not a pesticide or an exempt pesticide as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, first select “EPA registration number” then proceed to the next step. You will then be guided to provide details regarding your product’s non-pesticide or exempt pesticide status.
     * If your pesticide product contains both registration and establishment numbers, input only the registration number.
  11. Select one of the following **Pesticide Registration Status** options from the dropdown menu:
     * This product is a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product is not a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product qualifies for an exemption from registration under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act. Go to [Pesticides and Pesticide Devices](/gp/help/202115120) for details.
  12. Enter the EPA registration number or EPA establishment number in the **Pesticide Certification Number** field (required for pesticide and pesticide devices).
  13. After you build your inventory file, save the file either as tab-delimited text (.txt) or excel (.xls) format.
  14. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select [Add Products via Upload](/listing/download?ref) from the dropdown menu, and click on the **Upload your Inventory File** tab.
  15. Follow the prompts in the **Upload File** section and click **Upload**.
  16. Click the **Monitor Upload Status** tab. The date, time, batch ID, status and results of your most recent upload are displayed here. 
  17. Click **Download your Processing Report** to review the Processing Report after each upload. If your processing report shows errors, modify your inventory file and upload it again.

## About Advanced option

The Advanced option contains all attributes groups associated with the
selected products.  

  1. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select [Add Products via Upload](/listing/download?ref) from the dropdown menu, and click on the **Download Inventory File** tab.
  2. Identify the applicable categories and sub-categories from the **Search tool** or via the **Product Classifier**.
  3. Click **Select** to add the categories to the inventory file template. 
  4. Select **Advanced Mode** and click **Generate Template**.
  5. Enter the SKUs that need to be updated in the **item_sku** column.
  6. Select **partial_update** from the dropdown options in the **update_delete** column.
  7. Navigate to the **Pesticide Marking** column in the **Compliance** section.
  8. Select **EPA registration number** or **EPA establishment number** from the **Pesticide Marking** dropdown.
  9. All listings of pesticides, pesticide devices, or products making pesticidal claims require selling partners to input a [Pesticides Marking](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GLX9EJX844SNJX7J) attribute. 
     * If you are unsure if your product qualifies as a pesticide requiring registration, the EPA’s definition of a pesticide is available here: <https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-pesticides/what-pesticide>. Instructions for completing the [Pesticide Marking](/gp/help/GLX9EJX844SNJX7J) attribute have been created to assist you through this process.
  10. Select one of the following **Pesticide Registration Status** options from the dropdown menu:
     * This product is a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product is not a pesticide or pesticide device, as defined under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act.
     * This product qualifies for an exemption from registration under the U.S. Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act. Go to [Pesticides and Pesticide Devices](/gp/help/202115120) for details.
  11. Enter the EPA registration number or EPA establishment number in the **Pesticide Certification Number** field (required for pesticide and pesticide devices).
  12. After you build your inventory file, save the file either as tab-delimited text (.txt) or excel (.xls) format.
  13. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select [Add Products via Upload](/listing/download?ref) from the dropdown menu, and click on the **Upload your Inventory File** tab.
  14. Follow the prompts in the **Upload File** section and click **Upload**.
  15. Click the **Monitor Upload Status** tab. The date, time, batch ID, status and results of your most recent upload are displayed here. 
  16. Click **Download your Processing Report** to review the Processing Report after each upload. If your processing report shows errors, modify your inventory file and upload it again.

To learn about adding a new listing, please visit the [Create and manage
inventory](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/FQ8J5JPKERTHQPP) Help
page. You can [Create listings one at a time](/gp/help/39EFY66ZLSJQ7PM) or
[Create listings in bulk](/gp/help/Z4ZQ4HZQM2R4B2X). The steps for adding the
Pesticide Marking attribute via either method are the same as outlined above.

## Providing Valid, Up to Date EPA ID information

Amazon requires valid, up-to-date registration information when listing
pesticide products. Be mindful of the following when providing EPA compliance
information:

  * Because EPA ID numbers sometimes expire or can be transferred to another product, ensure that the number you are providing is correct and current. For details, please consult the [EPA website](https://iaspub.epa.gov/apex/pesticides/f?p=PPLS:1).
  * If you consider that your product is a pesticide that qualifies for an exemption, be prepared to provide evidence to support this.
  * If you choose “not a pesticide” below, ensure that your product is not a pesticide or pesticide device and that you have removed all content that could be flagged as a pesticide claim.

## FAQ

#### Where do I find an EPA registration number or EPA establishment number on
a product?

An EPA registration number is a unique identifier that appears on the label of
a pesticide product. The number is preceded by the phrase “EPA Registration
No.,” or “EPA Reg. No.” The number may appear on the front or back label of
the product.

An EPA establishment number is a number that identifies the final physical
location where the pesticide product or device was produced or labeled. This
number preceded by the phrase “EPA Est. No.” The number appears on the product
label or immediate container.

#### Which EPA number should I provide if my product has both an EPA
registration number and an EPA establishment number?

For pesticide products with both numbers, you should input only the EPA
registration number.

#### I previously provided an EPA number to have my product reinstated. Why do
I have to do this again?

We are implementing these requirements in order to provide our customers with
the best possible experience. Even if you previously provided this
information, it will still need to added to the listing.

#### What kinds of products will require evidence of compliance?

You may not be aware you are selling products the EPA considers pesticides or
pesticide devices, as it can be hard to identify which products qualify and
why. The EPA classifies as pesticides or pesticide devices most products that
are marketed to disinfect, repel insects, remove allergens, or prevent
bacteria, or that make any other antiviral, antimicrobial, antifungal,
antibacterial, or other pesticidal claim. These claims are sometimes used in
marketing a wide variety of products, including clothing, home goods, air and
water filters, and lawn and garden products. EPA guidance on what is
considered a pesticide can be found [here](https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-
pesticides/what-pesticide) and on pesticide devices can be found
[here](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/pesticide-devices-guide-consumers).

#### Will this information still be required if pesticidal marketing claims
are removed?

If all pesticidal claims (for example, any antimicrobial, antifungal,
antibacterial, insect repellant, or other such claim) about a product are
removed, and the claims were the sole reason the product was considered a
pesticide or pesticide device, then that product will no longer be classified
as a pesticide product requiring this information.

#### Why might the attribute repeat three times?

An ASIN may sometimes have multiple EPA ID numbers. For example, in some
instances an ASIN may include several pesticide products, each with its own
unique EPA registration number. If you have multiple EPA registration numbers
for your ASIN, please provide all numbers, ensuring a single, unique ID number
for each field. If you only have one ID number, please provide that number
upon the first prompt, and please leave additional fields blank upon the
second and third prompt.

#### I previously provided an EPA number to have my product reinstated. Why do
I have to do this again?

We are implementing these requirements in order to provide our customers with
the best possible experience EPA ID numbers may sometimes change, and we need
to provide our customers the most up to date compliance information.
Therefore, even if you previously provided this information, it will still
need to be added to the new pesticide_marking attribute.

#### How can I get additional information?

For more information, go to [Amazon’s Pesticides and Pesticide Devices
policy](/gp/help/202115120).

## See also

  * [Manage Inventory](/gp/help/201186860)
  * [Create your inventory file template](/gp/help/202094740)
  * [Stop selling a product](/gp/help/200216110)
  * [Modify your Inventory File](/gp/help/G201576660)
  * [Classify Your Products With Product Classifier](/gp/help/201576420)

