---
title: Configure shipping settings for Seller Fulfilled Prime
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201860010
section: General Documentation
---

Sellers who are participating in Seller Fulfilled Prime must enable Prime
delivery on at least one shipping template in their [shipping
settings](/gp/shipping/dispatch.html) and assign SKUs to that template in
order for offers with Prime branding to appear.

A default Prime shipping template is created when you register for the Seller
Fulfilled Prime trial, which you can use during the trial and as an enrolled
seller after passing the trial. The default template is pre-configured with
Shipping Settings Automation and Prime delivery enabled.

You can use the default Prime shipping template with its pre-configured
settings, update the default shipping template, or create new Prime shipping
templates. You can configure Prime shipping templates manually or automate the
process using [Shipping Region Automation](/gp/help/G237WEY9JD2VQQZQ).

**Note:** We recommend that you use Shipping Settings Automation on Prime
shipping templates to improve your delivery speed and on-time delivery
performance.

##  Enable shipping templates for Seller Fulfilled Prime

**Note:** As standard shipping is required to all Prime and non-Prime
customers in the contiguous US, these regions are set by default in all Prime
shipping templates and cannot be edited.

Follow these steps to enable shipping for Seller Fulfilled Prime on an
**automated shipping template** :

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu on the top right of Seller Central, click **Shipping settings**.

  2. From the **Shipping templates** list, click the template that you want to enable for shipping of Seller Fulfilled Prime items, or click **Create new shipping template**.

  3. On the top-right side, click **Edit template**.

  4. Click the check box next to **Prime delivery**.

  5. Select your **Warehouse locations** that will be used to ship Prime orders.

  6. Select **I want to automate my Seller Fulfilled Prime shipping settings**.

  7. Select the **shipping services** that you will use to ship Prime orders.

**Note:** We recommend that you incorporate next-day air/express shipping
services to improve your delivery speed performance.

  8. Select which **shipping services** you will use for one-day and two-day delivery.

  9. Review Prime shipping settings and click **Confirm**.  Your shipping template is now enabled for Seller Fulfilled Prime.

You can continue to review the shipping settings on the template before
clicking **Save**.

  10. Check the settings and enter any shipping rates for non-Prime customers according to the guidelines provided at [Seller Fulfilled Prime shipping requirements](/gp/help/202098380).

  11. Click **Save**.

**Important:** For more information on shipping requirements for Prime and
non-Prime customers, go to [Seller Fulfilled Prime shipping
requirements](/gp/help/202098380). For more information on automated Prime
shipping, go to [Shipping Region Automation](/gp/help/G237WEY9JD2VQQZQ).

Follow these steps to enable listings for Prime shipping on a **manual
shipping template** :

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu on the top right of Seller Central, click **Shipping settings**.

  2. From the **Shipping templates** list, click the template you want to enable for shipping of Seller Fulfilled Prime items, or click **Create new shipping template**.

  3. On the top-right side, click **Edit template**.

  4. Click the check box next to **Prime delivery**.

  5. Select **Skip to select Prime manually**.

  6. Select **Add Prime Regions**.

  7. Select the delivery regions that you want to enable for **Two-Day Delivery** , and then click **Next**.

  8. Select the delivery regions that you want to enable for **One-Day Delivery** , and then click **Next**.

  9. Select the delivery regions that you want to enable for **Same-Day Delivery** , and then click **Next**.

**Note:** Same-day delivery is currently available only to sellers who
previously requested access to this shipping option. We are working to include
this shipping option on Prime templates for all enrolled Seller Fulfilled
Prime sellers.

  10. Review Prime shipping settings and click **Confirm**.  Your shipping template is now enabled for Seller Fulfilled Prime.

You can continue to review the shipping settings on the template before
clicking **Save**.

  11. Check the settings and enter any shipping rates for non-Prime customers according to the guidelines provided at [Seller Fulfilled Prime shipping requirements](/gp/help/202098380).

  12. Click **Save**.

**Important:** For more information on shipping requirements for Prime and
non-Prime customers, go to [Seller Fulfilled Prime shipping
requirements](/gp/help/202098380).

## Enroll a SKU in Seller Fulfilled Prime

To have Prime branded offers, assign SKUs to your shipping templates that have
been enabled for Prime shipping. For instructions, go to [Assign SKUs to
shipping templates](/gp/help/201841600).

