---
title: Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) regulated products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKHQEFBM7834V6AV
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on our store, you must comply with all federal, state,
and local laws, as well as our policies applicable to those products and
product listings, including this policy.

## Compliance documentation requirements

Our policy requires that sellers and vendors of [CPSC regulated
products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Regulations-Laws--Standards/Regulations-
Mandatory-Standards-Bans) maintain documentation that demonstrates compliance
with all applicable mandatory and voluntary standards and regulations.

## Third-party testing labs

Testing reports provided as part of your compliance submission to Amazon must
be from independent, third-party testing laboratories. For children’s
products, federal law requires that testing be conducted by a CPSC-accepted
testing laboratory that is accredited to perform testing to the applicable
testing scope. For general-use, non-children’s products, Amazon policy
requires that testing be conducted by an ISO or IEC 17025 accredited testing
laboratory, appropriately accredited to perform testing to the applicable
testing scope.

Our policy requires sellers and vendors to submit testing reports from the
appropriate testing laboratories to satisfy our compliance requirements, along
with the certificates of compliance required by CPSC regulations and described
in more detail below.

For children’s products, the CPSC has posted a list of [CPSC-accepted testing
labs](https://www.cpsc.gov/cgi-bin/labsearch/). For general-use, non-
children’s products, testing does not need to be conducted by a CPSC-accepted
lab, but per our policy, it must be conducted by an ISO or IEC 17025
accredited testing laboratory.

Some labs provide special Amazon rates for testing. To find more information
about these providers, go to the [Service Provider Network](/gspn).

**Children’s products**

Children’s products are consumer products that are designed, marketed, or
intended for children 12 years of age or younger. Federal law requires that
all _[children's products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--
Manufacturing/Business-Education/childrens-products/)_ that are subject to one
or more federal consumer product safety requirements be tested by a [CPSC-
accepted laboratory](https://www.cpsc.gov/cgi-
bin/labsearch/SearchResult.aspx?ReqId=VvOKqmsMe6czUqpa6fYwCA%3d%3d) for
compliance to the applicable federal children's product safety requirements.
These requirements include, but are not limited to, physical and mechanical
testing, chemical testing, product and product packaging labeling, and warning
and hazard labeling.

As part of our policy, we may request the following information from you at an
time, so we recommend that you have it easily accessible:

  * Your company name (if applicable) and seller ID 
  * Your contact information: email address and phone number
  * A list of all children’s products that you offer on Amazon
  * Images of the product and product packaging, as applicable, for all children’s products that you list. Images must include all sides of the product and product packaging for our review 
  * Product images **_or_** test report as evidence of compliance with registration card requirement (16 CFR Part 1130), as applicable 
  * Product images **_or_** test report as evidence of compliance with mandatory tracking label requirements (CPSA Section 14(a)(5)) 
  * Product images **_or_** test report as evidence of compliance with warning and hazard label requirements, as applicable 
  * Any product instructions and manuals for all children’s products that you offer on Amazon
  * A [Children’s Product Certificate (CPC)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Testing-Certification/Childrens-Product-Certificate) from the domestic manufacturer or importer for the ASIN(s) that you are applying to list
  * Test reports from a CPSC-accepted testing laboratory, approved to test to the relevant requirements, that confirm each product was tested to the applicable mandatory or voluntary standards and regulations

**Small-batch manufacturers**

[Small batch manufacturers (SBMs)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--
Manufacturing/Small-Business-Resources/Small-Batch-Manufacturers-and-Third-
Party-) that are registered with the CPSC can obtain relief from certain
third-party testing requirements for children’s products. If you are a
registered SBM, we require that you provide documentation that clearly
identifies your registration information, to allow your status to be taken
into consideration during review of your compliance submission. More
information regarding SBMs and third-party testing is available from the
[CPSC](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Small-Business-
Resources/Small-Batch-Manufacturers-and-Third-Party-).

Our policy requires all SBMs to clearly list their registration information on
their CPC.

**General-use or non-children’s products**

Federal law requires that certain [general use or non-children’s
products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Testing-
Certification/Lab-Accreditation/Rules-Requiring-a-General-Certificate-of-
Conformity/) that are subject to a federal consumer product safety requirement
be certified based on a test report for each product or a reasonable testing
program for compliance with applicable consumer product safety requirements.
Unlike children’s products, the testing or reasonable testing program for
general-use or non-children’s products is not required to utilize a CPSC-
accepted laboratory. Amazon policy requires that general-use or non-children’s
products be tested by an ISO or IEC 17025 accredited testing laboratory,
appropriately accredited to test to the applicable product requirements. These
requirements include, but are not limited to, physical and mechanical testing,
chemical testing, product and product packaging labeling, and warning and
hazard labeling.

Our policy requires the following information and documents for all general-
use or non-children’s products that you list on our store:

  * Your company name (if applicable) and seller ID 
  * Your contact information: email address and phone number
  * A list of all general-use or non-children’s products that you offer on Amazon
  * Images of the product and product packaging, as applicable, for all general-use or non-children’s products that you list. Images must include all sides of the product and product packaging for our review 
  * Any product instructions and manuals for all general-use or non-children’s products that you offer on Amazon
  * [General Certificate of Conformity (GCC)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Testing-Certification/General-Certificate-of-Conformity-GCC/) from the domestic manufacturer or importer for the ASINs that you are applying to list
  * Test reports from an ISO 17025 accredited testing laboratory, approved to test to the relevant requirements, that confirm that each product was tested to the applicable mandatory or voluntary standards and regulations

## Packaging

**Poison Prevention Packaging Act**

Federal law requires that certain [household
substances](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-
Education/Business-Guidance/PPPA) be packaged in child-resistant packaging.
The packaging required by the Poison Prevention Packaging Act (PPPA) must be
designed or constructed to be significantly difficult for children under five
years of age to open within a reasonable time, and not difficult for normal
adults to use properly.

Amazon policy requires that PPPA regulated products be tested by an ISO or IEC
17025 accredited testing laboratory, appropriately accredited to test to 16
CFR Part 1700.

Our policy requires the following documents for all PPPA regulated products
that you list on our store:

  * Your company name (if applicable) and seller ID 
  * Your contact information: email address and phone number
  * A list of all PPPA regulated products that you offer on Amazon
  * Images of the product and product packaging, as applicable, for all PPPA regulated products that you list. Images must include all sides of the product and product packaging for our review 
  * Any product instructions and manuals for all general-use or non-children’s products that you list
  * [General Certificate of Conformity (GCC)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Testing-Certification/General-Certificate-of-Conformity-GCC/) from the domestic manufacturer or importer for the ASINs that you are applying to offer on Amazon 
  * Test reports from an ISO 17025 accredited testing laboratory, appropriately accredited to test to the relevant requirements, that confirm each product was tested in conformity with 16 CFR Part 1700

## Labeling guidance

Certain products regulated by the CPSC have labeling requirements that must be
met. These requirements vary by product type.

  * _Tracking labels_ : All children’s products must have distinguishing permanent marks, known as tracking labels, that are permanently affixed to the product and the product’s packaging in a visible location, with legible font, and must provide certain identifying information. For more information, go to [Tracking Label Requirements for Children's Products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/tracking-label). 
  * _Mandatory warnings and registration cards for durable infant products_ : [Durable infant and toddler products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products) require additional [product and outer package labeling](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Business-Guidance/Product-and-Outer-Package-Labeling-Requirements-for-Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products), as well as a [consumer registration card](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Product-Consumer-Registration-Cards). 
  * _Warning labels and instructions_ : Many consumer products require specific hazard labeling to inform consumers of potential hazards should products be misused. For example, toys or games that are intended for use by children ages three years to six years are required under the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) to include cautionary statements that warn purchasers of potential choking hazards. Other warning labels can include precautionary language, including, but not limited to, instructions on how to properly use a product, instruction to avoid specific hazard conditions (for example, electrical products near water), or advisement on what the product is and is not intended for. These specific hazard warning requirements can be located in the product’s applicable safety standard or regulation. Some CPSC regulations also require that relevant cautionary statements appear in a product’s instructional literature, in addition to the on-product and outer package labeling.

Per the CPSC’s guidelines, children’s products must include tracking and
warning labels, as applicable.

CPSC has mandated specific labeling requirements for some products, such as
durable infant products, children’s bike helmets, and mattresses. Certain
products, like mattresses, bedding, and furniture, must also have labels
required by state law. Your product must be labeled to meet all such
requirements.

For general-use or non-children’s products, the CPSC does not require tracking
information to be affixed to the product. Other information may apply to your
product, including, but not limited to, country of origin, distributor or
manufacturer statement, lot code or number. Please work with your supplier,
manufacturer, legal representative, and regulatory consultant to ensure that
your products meet all applicable local, state, and federal requirements.

Our policy requires products to comply with all applicable warning and
labeling requirements.

**Impermissible CPSC-certified verbiage and imagery**

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) is a federal agency that
develops and enforces certain consumer product safety standards. The CPSC does
not, however, test, certify, or approve products. Accordingly, product detail
pages may not contain language or photos that state or imply that the CPSC has
approved or certified a product.

**Examples of CPSC-related phrases that are not permissible on Amazon**

  * ASTM & CPSC tested and certified
  * CPSC tested and certified 
  * ASTM & CPSC certified
  * CPSC certified 
  * CPSC approved

**Examples of CPSC images that are not permissible on Amazon**

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Vendor_Editorial/CPSC_images_not_permissible.png)

**Examples of CPSC-related phrases that _are_ permissible on Amazon _if they
accurately describe the product_**

  * Tested for compliance by a CPSC-accepted laboratory
  * Meets or exceeds all safety standards set by the CPSC
  * Meets CPSC safety requirements
  * Complies with CPSIA / CPSC standards

**Note:** If your product detail page contains impermissible verbiage or
imagery that states or implies that the CPSC has approved or certified a
product, your product listing will be removed. To reinstate your listing, you
must update your detail page and remove the impermissible verbiage or imagery.

For guidance on how to update your listing, go to [Suggest changes to your
product detail page](/gp/help/external/200335450).

## How to submit information

If you receive a request from us for compliance documents, complete the
following steps to submit the requested information:  

  1. In Seller Central, select the **Performance** tab and choose **Account Health**.
  2. Under **Manage your compliance** in the bottom right corner, click **Product Compliance Requests**.
  3. To add compliance or appeal for a single product, click **Add/Appeal Compliance**. To add compliance or appeal for multiple products, select each product on the left hand side of the product and click **Action Selected Products** at the top of the product requirement table to make a selection about how you would like to submit documents and information.
  4. Provide compliance documents and information in the **Provide Documents** section, or provide appeal information and documents in the **Appeal Request** section.
  5. Click **Submit for Approval** to send your submission for review by Amazon.

  

**Note:** Test reports must contain images of the tested products that are
sufficient to demonstrate that the product tested is the same as the product
listed on the detail page.

## Policy violations

If you do not provide the required information by the applicable deadline, we
may:

  * Remove the relevant product listings
  * Suspend your ability to add new products, your listing privileges, or both
  * Withhold any payments due to you

We reserve the right to take any further actions that may be necessary in our
sole discretion.

## Additional resources

  * [Amazon services business solutions agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA)](https://www.cpsc.gov/Regulations-Laws--Standards/Statutes/The-Consumer-Product-Safety-Improvement-Act)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission Business Education](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education)

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not, and is not
intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

