---
title: Consumer Electronics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G32431
section: General Documentation
---

Successful selling on Amazon comes from following a few simple guidelines.

  * **Selection** \- Do you offer great products? Are they unique? The more products you offer, the better your chances are for a sale.
  * **Great Product Information** \- Do customers have the information they need to differentiate your product from others? Ensure your product information is complete and correct.
  * **Excellent Customer Service** \- Do you provide timely communication, safe packaging, and efficient shipping options? Focus intently on providing excellent customer service; satisfied customers return to proven, trusted sellers.
  * **Clear, High-Quality Images** \- Is the image clear, on a white background, and is it a good representation of the product you are selling? Provide accurate and clear images.
  * **Price** \- Are your products priced competitively? If they are unique, customized, or collectors items, do customers have enough information to justify the price?
  * **Effective Product Merchandising** \- Is your product listed within the most correct and specific browse node? If a product is not listed within a browse node, it will not be available in either Search or Browse results; therefore, there is a low chance that customers will ever see your products. The Search feature is the key method customers use to find products. Customers use the Browse feature to view related products. If your item is listed in a browse node, but not the most specific node possible, it will be searchable but not browseable; that is, as customers browse deeper into categories, they won't see your products, and you could be missing half of your possible sales.

##  Consumer Electronics Bundles

A bundle is a set of complementary items. All sellers can submit a listing for
a bundle created by another merchant if the UPC is known; these listings must
exactly match the original bundle, including the UPC. If the UPC is not known,
a new bundle with a new UPC must be created instead. All Bundles must follow
the [bundle guidelines](/gp/help/200442350) and are subject to review for
accuracy and relevance, and may be removed without notice.

All consumer electronics bundles must follow these guidelines:

  * Bundle must have a unique UPC (not the UPC from any individual item)
  * Bundle must contain items which are highly complementary
  * Bundle must provide a value to the customer, as compared to the individual items
  * Bundle cannot contain any separate warranty products or extended service plans

Limiting the number of bundles helps customers find specific bundles more
easily by preventing many of the duplicate or near-duplicate listings. All
Bundles are subject to review for accuracy and relevance and may be removed
without notice.

All merchants can submit listings against bundles created by other merchants,
but these listings must exactly match the original bundle, including UPC.

For more information, see [Policies](/gp/help/1801) in Seller Central Help.

##  Improving Your Performance

Performance metrics often interrelate: low feedback can reflect that a seller
is making too many refunds for out-of-stock product, has delayed shipping, is
not communicating well with customers, or is failing to fulfill orders and
therefore is generating A-to-z Guarantee claims. For a baseline of your
performance, you can access your online [Performance
Summary](/performance/dashboard).

Our current performance expectations are as follows:

  * **Feedback** : The goal is 100% positive ratings and a score of 5 stars. Less than 5% negative should be your measure of success. Anything above 5% should prompt you to investigate your product quality and your fulfillment procedures.
  * **A-to-z Guarantee Claim Rate** : The goal is less than 0.5% of orders.
  * **Refund Rate** : The goal is less than 5% of the number of units sold.

If negative feedback exceeds 15% over a 30 day period, we will notify you with
a Performance Warning e-mail. We also closely monitor claims and refunds
closely; if we see that your feedback rates are rising, we will also send a
Performance Warning. Multiple Performance Warnings can lead to account
termination.

To contact Amazon's technical support team, please use the [Contact Us
form](/gp/contact-us/contact-amazon-form.html/).

## How do I improve?

  

  1. Actively manage and encourage feedback 
     * **Solicit feedback** in all communications that go out to the customer, such as the invoice in the package, as well as in the shipping confirmation e-mail. Include a link to [http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/account-access-login/](/exec/obidos/account-access-login/), and encourage customers to click the **Leave seller feedback** link.
     * **Investigate every negative feedback** you receive to track the root cause of that problem and then work to resolve it. Work with the customer to make the experience better, by issuing a refund, shipping a replacement item, or even sending a complimentary gift certificate.
     * **Buyers can remove feedback** for any transaction up to 60 days after the date they submitted their feedback. If you believe you've corrected the problem, contact your customer and ask them to remove their negative feedback.
     * **Amazon sends a feedback reminder e-mail** thirty days after the order date to remind buyers to leave feedback.
  2. Submit keywords for your products. 

Search words are the most common way customers locate products on Amazon. Good
search terms increase your visibility. See the [related help
topic](/gp/help/10471) for more information.

  3. Use the Browse Tree Guide (BTG) to classify your products. 

If a product is not listed within a browse node, it will not be available in
either Search or Browse results; therefore, there is a low chance that
customers will ever see your products. If your item is listed in a browse
node, but not the most specific node possible, it will be searchable but not
browseable - that is, as customers browse deeper into categories, they won't
see your products, and you could be missing half of your possible sales.

  4. Encourage product reviews. Conversion rate (percentage of visitors who buy after viewing the product) for products with positive customer reviews on detail pages is much higher than for products that have no reviews. 
     * When you send your shipping confirmation e-mail, include a link to the product detail page for the purchased product and ask your customer to write a review of the product. 
     * We encourage you to include a link to the product detail page of the product which the customer just purchased from you in the shipping confirmation e-mail that requests customers to write a review for the product. 
     * Customers are more likely to respond if you make it easy for them to leave you feedback or write reviews for your products. 
  5. Check your prices, images and content for the offers you are listing against. 
     * A good detail page contains a descriptive and eye-catching product title, clear and inspiring product images, clear and concise bullet points, imaginative and descriptive product descriptions, and a compelling price.
     * Good detail pages also contain helpful product reviews which you can encourage your customers to provide.
  6. Check your shipping methods. Are they accurate? Do they make sense?
  7. Do you have a high number of A-to-z Guarantee claims? What are the root causes? Are there issues you have not addressed? 
  8. Are your inventory feeds successful? Do you have error messages that you have not addressed?

## What is BTG?

The Browse Tree Guide (BTG) contains the rules Amazon uses to populate browse
trees so customers can find products when using Browse. To categorize
products, Amazon relies upon data supplied by sellers. BTGs are category
specific documents and can be downloaded from the [Browse Tree Guide (BTG)
Help page](/gp/help/1661).

The majority of the data used by Browse is found in the five catalog fields
(ItemType, TargetAudience, UsedFor, SubjectContent and OtherItemAttributes).
Amazon uses this data to create groups of categories called browse trees.
These categories are structured in logical paths so that users can navigate
from point to point in the browse tree. Each point in the path is a browse
node. A point that has subcategories is a branch node, and a node that is the
terminal point in the path is a leaf node. Browse nodes are identified by
their browse node IDs.

##

