---
title: Coupon recommendation FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFZBLSDY458YS7TF
section: General Documentation
---

#### How does Amazon select the recommended ASIN?

Amazon coupons are recommend based on historic data which are ranked by the
predicted sales forecast when added to a coupon. Recommendations are
suggestions for sellers to help increase sales.

#### How do I create a coupon without recommendations?

The process is very similar. If you proceed to create regular coupons outside
of recommendations, search for the ASIN in the **All products** tab in Seller
Central, go to **Advertising** > **Coupons** and proceed to the regular coupon
creation process.

#### How often does Amazon select recommended ASINs?

The suggested recommendations are refreshed weekly.

#### I do not see any recommendations. Why is this occurring?

You can recheck again next week, as there may be no recommendations for this
week.

#### Do coupon recommendations have different eligibility?

Coupon recommendations and regular coupons have the same eligibility
requirements. For more information, go to [Coupon eligibility
criteria](/gp/help/GJHCPEFJ5JJQD52D).

#### Why does Amazon show the same items every week?

The suggested recommendations are sent based on historic buyer data. If you
are seeing the same recommendations every week, the data may suggest these
ASINs are more likely to be bought.

#### Can I decline my recommendations?

At this time, there is no decline feature. If you want to create regular
coupons, go to **All products** , select your ASIN, and proceed to the normal
coupon creation channel.

#### Can I opt out ASINâ€™s from displaying in the recommendation tab?

At this time, there is no opt out feature. If you choose to overlook
recommendations, select the **All products** tab and proceed to create coupons
through the regular channel.

#### Can I stop receiving recommendation emails?

Yes. Every email you receive from the Coupons team has the **Unsubscribe**
option at the end of the email. If you would like to stop receiving customized
coupon suggestions, you can unsubscribe.

#### Can you receive a coupon and deal recommendation on the same ASIN?

Yes, you can receive a recommendation for both a coupon and a deal on a single
ASIN. However, these are separate recommendations and should not be taken as
an indication that both must be run at once. Recommendations are suggestions.
You must review and exercise your own discretion when creating coupons or
deals.

