---
title: Create variations using Add Products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUHKMBQ56WGQX9MM
section: General Documentation
---

**Add Products** offers the option to create variations, using a web-based
interface. Before you list a product variation, check whether the variation of
the product exists in the Amazon catalog. To do this, click [Add
Products](/productsearch/ref=xx_addlisting_dnav_help) under the **Catalog**
dropdown, and search for the product variation you want to sell. Results are
more accurate if you search with product identifiers (UPC, EAN, JAN, or ISBN).

**Important:** Not all related products are valid variations. Amazon reserves
the right to remove the newly-created variations families or children that are
added to a variation family that do not comply with certain standards.
Variation families with more than 2000 child ASINs will not be displayed on
the detail page. Using the **Add Products tool** , you can list 250 variation
children at once.

To understand whether your products are good candidates for variation or not
and to get specific tips for creating variations, refer to [Determine
variations for your products](/gp/help/G201958220) and [Variation relationship
FAQ](/gp/help/G201951410). Go to [About parent-child
relationships](/gp/help/G8841) to understand how product variations work on
Amazon.

**Note:** Creating variations is optional. It is not mandatory for a product
to be part of a variation family. Amazon changes the variation themes
available in each category over time. If you receive a message stating that
your product category does not support variations, you can still create ASINs
in the product category.

Based on the search results, here are two ways you can **add a product** to
create variations:

  * **Match to an existing variation listing:** If you locate the variation listing corresponding to the product you want to list, you can match to this existing variation listing.
  * **Create a new variation listing:** If you are unable to locate the variation listing, you can create a new variation.

## Match to an existing variation listing

Follow these steps to match to an existing variation listing:  

  1. Open your Seller Central and hover over **Catalog**.
  2. Select **Add Products** and search for the specific ASIN/UPC.
  3. After locating the variation listing you want to sell, click **Show variations**. This will expand the list of all variations currently present in the Amazon catalog.
  4. Select the condition of the variation child from the dropdown.
  5. Enter your offer details.
  6. Click **Save and finish**.

## Create a new variation listing

Follow these steps to create a new variation listing:  

  1. Go to **Catalog** and select **Add Products**.
  2. On this page, select **Blank form** and click **Start**.
  3. In the **Item Name** box, enter the most fitting title for your product. Amazon will suggest a suitable product type based on the title that you have entered, you can either **Confirm** the one that is recommended or **Select other**.
  4. On the **Product identity** tab, provide the required attributes and select the check box “This product has variations”.
  5. Available variation themes will be shown below the checkbox. Select the themes on which your products differ from each other.
  6. Move to the **Variations** tab and provide the values for the required columns.

**Important:** The **Variation theme** visible under the variation section is
the only variation theme available for that particular product type. Once you
have created a product with a selected variation theme, you will not be able
to change the variation theme.

  7. You will be prompted to enter values for the chosen variation theme. For example, if the variation theme selected is color, you can enter values like red, blue, white, and so on.
  8. Click **Add variations**. A **Variations Matrix** appears, allowing you to add more detail for each variation combination.
     * A product identifier (EAN or UPC) is required for each variation. 
     * A seller SKU will be automatically generated for you if you do not add one.
     * Provide all offer details for each product such as, condition, price, and quantity.
     * To delete variations, check the box corresponding to the listing and click **Delete Selection**.
  9. In the remaining tabs, add images, product description, keywords, and other product attributes. This information will appear in all variants of the product you want to sell. You can edit product information at any time on the **Manage Inventory** page.
  10. Click **Save and finish** when all the product information is entered.

**Note:** Follow the recommendations in the [Product page style
guides](/gp/help/G200270100) for each child product.

For professional sellers, to create variations using Variation Wizard, go to
[Add a variation using Variation Wizard](/gp/help/G202034620) and to create
variations using product templates, go to [How do I create variations using
product listings](/gp/help/G202009940).

