---
title: Create a new listing that uses virtual tracking
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GCKCNHZRCF7SNQZR
section: General Documentation
---

This page describes how to create a new FBA listing that uses virtual
tracking, which relies on the manufacturer barcode.If you want to make changes
to existing FBA product listings, go to [Switch from using Amazon barcodes to
manufacturer barcodes](/gp/help/GGU374R3WCTMFK8L).  
  
**Note:** Virtual tracking with the manufacturer barcode is available only for
inventory that is fulfilled by Amazon. For more information, go to [List
products for Fulfillment by Amazon](/gp/help/G200141220).

By default, your seller account is set to use the manufacturer barcode to
track your eligible inventory throughout the Amazon fulfillment process. You
can change your barcode settings only for new shipments and for inventory that
has not yet been received at the fulfillment center.

To use the manufacturer barcode, products must meet the eligibility
requirements listed on [Using FBA virtual tracking](/gp/help/200141480).

**Note:** If your product doesn’t meet the virtual-tracking eligibility
requirements, you may be able to get an exemption to use the manufacturer
barcode by applying with [Amazon Brand Registry](/gp/help/G202130410) and
enrolling your ASIN in the program. Non-brand-registered sellers would be
required to apply Amazon barcodes for the ineligible product.

## Create a new listing for eligible products

To create a new listing that uses virtual tracking with the manufacturer
barcode, choose **Fulfillment by Amazon** as the fulfillment type. For more
information, go to [List products for Fulfillment by
Amazon](/gp/help/G200141220).

**Tip:** If you’re a new seller, go to [Create and manage
offers](/gp/help/GFQ8J5JPKERTHQPP) for additional resources.

Then follow these steps:

  1. From the **Catalog** drop-down menu, select **Add products**.   

  2. Find your product in Amazon's catalog by entering the product name, UPC, EAN, JAN, ISBN, or ASIN in the search field.   

  3. If your product is returned in the search results, select **New** from the **Select a condition** drop-down menu on the right.

**Note:** If you can’t find your product in the Amazon catalog, click **Create
a new listing** on the left and follow the prompts.

  4. Click **Sell this product**. 

**Note:** Some products may require approval to sell. If the product requires
approval, click **Apply to sell** and submit an application.

  5. Enter a new **Seller SKU** and a price, and in the **Item condition** drop-down menu, select **New**. In the **Fulfillment channel** section, select **Amazon will ship and provide customer service (Fulfilled by Amazon)**.   

  6. In **Shipping options** , select your desired shipping speed, and click **Save and finish**.

  7. On the **Choose barcode type** page, select **Manufacturer barcode** from the drop-down menu, and click **Save and continue**.

**Note:** If **Manufacturer barcode** is not available in the drop-down menu,
the product might be ineligible for virtual tracking. You can see further
explanation on the **Set quantity** page if the product is ineligible.

  8. On the **Convert to Fulfilled by Amazon** page, complete the **Add dangerous goods information** section, and click **Save and continue**.   

  9. Click **Convert and send inventory** , and continue with your shipping plan.

##  More resources

  * [Getting started with Fulfillment by Amazon](/gp/help/53921)
  * [List products for fulfillment by Amazon](/gp/help/G200141220)
  * [FBA product barcode requirements](/gp/help/201100910)
  * [Listing requirements: Product IDs (GTINs)](/gp/help/200317470)
  * [Use an Amazon barcode to track inventory](/gp/help/200141490)
  * [Using FBA virtual tracking](/gp/help/200141480)
  * [FBA virtual tracking FAQ](/gp/help/GEFKUGES6NSE7CBP)

