---
title: Create a coupon
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202189350
section: General Documentation
---

To learn more about creating a coupon, watch this [Seller
University](/learn/ref=help_page) video:

**Important:** You can schedule a maximum of 1,000 coupons to run in a single
day. This limitation is set to prevent excessive submissions.

To create a coupon, follow these steps:  

  1. From the drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Advertising** and then select **Coupons**.
  2. From the **Type** drop-down menu, select **Standard** or **Subscribe & Save** and click **Apply**.
  3. At the top right of the page, click **Create a new coupon**. (If this is your first coupon, click **Create your first coupon**.)
  4. To create one coupon at a time, follow the steps below. To create coupons in bulk by using a spreadsheet, follow the instructions in [Create coupons in bulk](/gp/help/G363YLQW4NB5L38V).

**Note:** If you create a coupon for an ASIN that already has a scheduled
coupon, the most recently created coupon will be deactivated to avoid discount
stacking. **Example** : A customer clips a 10% off coupon and a 15% off coupon
to get 25% off at checkout.

There’s an exception to this rule: Subscribe & Save coupons and reorder
coupons can be scheduled at the same time on the same ASIN. Discounts on
Subscribe & Save coupons and reorder coupons can’t be stacked because they’re
restricted to different buying options. Reorder coupons can be redeemed only
on a one-time purchase, while Subscribe & Save coupons can be redeemed only on
the Subscribe & Save buying option.

**Example:** A 10% off reorder coupon and a 20% off Subscribe & Save coupon
are scheduled on the same ASIN at the same time. If a customer clips both
coupons, they receive either of the following:

     * A 10% off reorder coupon, if they order via the **One-time purchase** buying option
     * A 20% off Subscribe & Save coupon, if they order via the **Subscribe & Save** buying option.

Our system doesn’t check if a coupon overlaps with other types of promotions,
for example, coupons and deals.

  5. On the left pane, search for the products that you want to add to the coupon and click **Add to coupon**. The added products are displayed on the right pane. 

**Note:** You can add up to 2,900 child ASINs per coupon. To provide a better
customer experience, select products within the same sub-category, price
level, or product group.

  6. If you want to remove a variation, click **Show variations** in the product's box, find the variation that you want to remove, and click **Remove**.
  7. When you’re done selecting your products, click **Continue to next step**.
  8. For the discount, choose **Percentage off** or **Money off** and specify the value. This value must be between 5% and 50% for a percentage off discount and a monetary amount for money off discounts. 

**Note:** Percentage off and money off coupons will be combined with discounts
from other promotions that are running at the same time. Such promotions
include Lightning Deals, promotions, sale price, Business price, and Outlet
deals. For example, if a Lightning Deal offers a 20% discount on a product and
that same product also has a 5% off coupon running at the same time, the two
discounts will be combined, for a total of 25% off.

The coupon discount will apply to one unit per order. The order can be
multiple units of the same coupon ASIN or two units from two different coupon
ASINs. If they are in the same order, the coupon discount will apply to the
lowest-priced item at checkout.

**Important:** Combining promotions can result in an unexpected customer spike
and cause you to exceed your budget. If you don’t want to combine promotions,
you can cancel the overlapping promotion that you don't want to run.

  9. Set a budget for your coupon. To learn more, go to [How do coupon budgets work?](/gp/help/G202189370)
  10. Select a **Title** , **Start date** , and **End date** for your coupon. The start date of the coupon cannot be more than three months from the day of creation. You can choose to target your coupon to a specific customer segment in this step. For more information, go to [Select audience for coupons](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.dev/gp/help/202189390).
  11. If you want to limit coupon redemptions to one per customer, follow these steps:
     * For percentage off coupons: 
       * When you select **Yes** , your coupon will apply to only **one unit per customer**. Example: If a customer clips a 10% off coupon and buys eight units in a single order, they can use the coupon on only one unit. If the customer places another order on the same ASIN, no discount will be applied.
       * When you select **No,** your coupon will apply to **multiple units per customer** but will be restricted to a **maximum of five units per order**. Example: If a customer clips a 10% off coupon (offer price $50) and buys eight units in a single order, they can use the coupon on five units for a total discount of $25 ($5 off each unit with the 10% coupon). If the customer places another order on the same ASIN and buys three additional units, they’ll get a discount on all three units because the maximum is five units per order.
     * For money off coupons: 
       * When you select **Yes** , your coupon applies to only **one unit per customer**. Example: If a customer clips a $5 off coupon and buys eight units in a single order, they can use the coupon on only one unit. If the customer places another order on the same ASIN, no discount will be applied.
       * When you select **No** , your coupon applies to **multiple units per customer** but will be restricted to **one unit per order**. Example: If a customer clips a $5 off coupon (offer price $50) and buys eight units in a single order, they can use the coupon on only one unit for a total discount of $5. If the customer places another order on the same ASIN and buys three additional units, they’ll get a discount on only one unit.
  12. Click **Continue to next step**. 
  13. After you review your coupon, click **Submit coupon**. It can take four to six hours after creation for the coupon to be activated.

**Important:** Your coupons won’t appear on the product detail page if any of
the following are true:

  * The coupon hasn't been activated yet. 
  * The coupon was deactivated. To learn more, go to [Understanding coupon errors](/gp/help/GLBL4T5C9UAB9T5P), and take corrective actions to reactivate the coupon. 
  * Your offer isn’t buyable. 
  * Your offer doesn’t become the [Featured Offer](/gp/help/G200418100).

## Edit or cancel a coupon

You can increase the budget, discount, or duration for your active (non-
expired) coupon within the following timeframes:

Standard coupons: Up to 30 days.

Subscribe & Save coupons: Up to 365 days.

Reorder coupons: Up to 180 day.

**Note:** If you edit your coupon or budget approximately six hours before
activation, your coupon's activation may be delayed due to system
requirements.

**To edit a coupon:**

Go to the **Coupons** page in Seller Central.

Locate the coupon you want to modify.

Click **Edit**.

Enter the new, higher discount amount.

Click **Save**.

**To cancel a coupon:**

Go to the **Coupons** page in Seller Central.

Locate the coupon you want to cancel.

Click **Deactivate**.

**Note:** To maintain customer trust, you can only edit coupons to increase
the discount.

**Note:** Customers who have already clipped your coupon will be allowed to
check out using those coupons for approximately 30 minutes after you cancel
the coupon.

**Important:**

Offensive words, discount percentages, or reference to events such as Prime
Day or Black Friday in coupon titles are prohibited. Failure to comply with
these rules can result in your coupon being deactivated.

Promotions may not be provided as an incentive for buyer reviews, either
explicitly or implicitly.

Buyer reviews from buys with promotions might not always get the Amazon
Verified buy badge. To learn more, go to [Customer product reviews
policies](/gp/help/GYRKB5RU3FS5TURN).

To provide the best experience for customers, our system is designed to detect
potential abuse. If the system flags such behavior on any ASIN, Amazon
reserves the right to terminate a coupon or promotion.

## Advertise (optional)

After you submit your coupon, you can create a **Sponsored Products** campaign
for your coupon ASINs to potentially elevate search placement and increase
page views.

##  **Create a coupon**

To create a coupon, go to: [Coupon recommendation
FAQ](/gp/help/GFZBLSDY458YS7TF)

