---
title: Create a Deal
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202111550
section: General Documentation
---

[Eligible ASINs](/gp/help/G202111490) display automatically in the Deals
dashboard. Amazon Deals is an invite-only program. If you do not have an
active ASIN recommendation for deals, you may use other promotion-types like
[Price Discounts](/gp/help/G7F8CQ4EJ5YA4272) or
[Coupons](/gp/help/G3QLEV6W2QK84C57)

There are three steps to create and submit a Deal after selecting the **Create
a new deal** in the **Deals dashboard** :  

  1. Select products
  2. Select Amazon store and schedule
  3. Configure deal and submit

To learn how to boost your sales with Deals, watch this Seller University
video.

As you follow the prompts to create a deal, pay attention to the following:

To create a deal, do the following:

  

  1. In the **Deals** dashboard, click [Create a new deal](/merchandising-new/create). 
  2. Choose a product in your inventory and click **Select**. 
  3. Enter the **Schedule** , and click **Continue to next step**. 
  4. Click **Submit Deal**.

## Selection of eligible products

You can filter eligible products on the basis of deal type and eligible
stores. You can also search your eligible products by ASIN.

**Note:** The eligible ASIN that you select must participate in the deal.

## Deal store

After you select the product, you can select an eligible Amazon store to run
your Deal.

## Deal schedule

After selecting the Amazon store to run your Deal, you will see a list of
available weeks for that product in the selected store. Lightning Deals will
be scheduled to run on a day during the week selected and can run for up to 12
hours. Best Deals will run for seven consecutive days during the week
selected. You will not be able to select the date or time for your Deal. If
approved, you can see the scheduled Deal date and time in the **Deal
Dashboard** one week before the Deal is scheduled to run.

## Deal price

The Maximum Deal price that is suggested when creating a deal, takes into
consideration recent prices as well as the lowest price from a seller offering
the product in new condition. The Deal price can fluctuate if any changes are
made to the current price and you cannot raise the price while the deal is
running. For more information about reference prices, go to [Amazon Policy on
Reference Prices](/help/hub/reference/G202170370).

## Deal quantity

Ensure that you have the proposed quantity at least seven days before the
scheduled date. Sellers now have the ability to set a fixed quantity amount
allocated to a Deal or opt for all in-stock inventory to be available for the
Deal.

**Note:** The deal quantity equals the number of units to be sold at the
discounted price (Committed Units). Your Deal will deactivate on the ASIN once
it sells through 90% its Committed Units. The deal quantity is not a hard
limit and due to system latency, it’s possible to sell more than the Committed
Units in the event that your Deal receives a lot of orders in a short amount
of time. To help protect against selling more than the Committed Units, our
systems will begin to deactivate the Deal once it sells through 90% of its
committed units. For example, if you commit 100 units, our systems will
deactivate the Deal once it sells 90 units. By default all available in-stock
units are committed to the deal. Once the quantity limit is reached, the deal
will be suppressed on the ASIN and is unable to be reinstated.

## Product variation

You can select any eligible variations that you want to include in your deal
that’s being recommended. However, we recommend that you include as many
product variations (for example, size, color, style) as possible to avoid
rejection. For some products, such as clothing and shoes, at least 65% of
variations should be included in the deal, although this can change by locale
and time of year.

  * Once the deal is submitted, avoid assigning new variations to the parent listing that were not originally recommended when the deal was created. Doing so might result in your deal being suppressed or canceled. For some products, such as clothing and shoes, a minimum percentage of variations will be specified as a requirement.

**Note:** Deals discounts will be combined with discounts from other
promotions that are running at the same time, including Coupons, Promotions,
Sale Price, Business Price, and Giveaway. For example, if a Deal offers a 20%
discount on a $100 ASIN and that same ASIN also has a 5% off Promotion running
at the same time, the 5% off discount from the Promotion will combine with the
20% discount from the Deal. This will result in a total discount of $25.

Standard Price: $100

Deal Discount: 20%

Promotion Discount: 5%

Total Discount: (100 * 0.2) + (100 * 0.05) = $25

## Deal title

The title for a deal comes from the product name of the ASIN participating in
the deal or parent ASIN if the deal includes variations. If you want to change
the deal title, you have to update the product name of the ASIN or parent ASIN
before creating the deal.

## Deal image

The image for a Deal comes from the images present on the **Amazon detail**
page. Deal images must be on an all-white background and cannot include any
text, logos, or watermarks that are not a part of the product itself. Any deal
with a deal image that violates Amazon’s [Product image
requirements](/gp/help/1881) is subject to cancellation and may result in your
account being suspended. If the available deal images when creating a Deal are
incorrect or do not match the images found on the detail page, you have to
confirm that the correct images have been uploaded to the ASIN or parent ASIN
(if the product has variations). You can [contact Selling Partner
Support](/cu/contact-us) for image related issues on product detail pages.

## Deal frequency

We strive to offer customers new deals every day. In order to achieve this,
Lightning Deals cannot run on the same ASIN within a seven day period while
Best Deals cannot run on the same ASIN within 21 days. Amazon may cancel any
Deal without notification if it does not meet these criteria.

## Deal fees

Ensure that you review the applicable fee before you submit the deal. For more
information, go to [Understand deal fees](/gp/help/202111590).

## Deal status

Some Deals may be immediately approved, while others may be suppressed at any
time if they don’t meet the [eligibility criteria](/gp/help/202111490). We
encourage you to monitor the [status of your deal](/gp/help/202111570) on the
**Deals Dashboard** to reduce the risk of your Deal being suppressed or
canceled, which could lead to an increase in FBA inventory and fees. For more
information, go to [Troubleshooting Suppressed and Active
Deals](/gp/help/GKN9A84DGTYWYHWY).

