---
title: Customer service insights on Feedback Manager
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GEGVWH65EDJLWHQD
section: General Documentation
---

The [Feedback Manager](/feedback-manager/index.html#/) page in Seller Central
now provides a dashboard with customer service quality insights. The dashboard
displays performance on your seller-fulfilled orders and reflects performance
in the past 4 weeks, updated daily, for the store you're logged into.  
  
The insights displayed are:

  * **Preventable contact rate,** which tracks customer service contacts from buyers seeking a refund or replacement due to a product quality, fulfillment, or shipping problem related to their order, excluding buyers who change their minds. This is calculated by taking the number of preventable contacts divided by the number of items shipped. _For example, if you received 1 preventable contact and shipped 10 items, then your Preventable contact rate would be 10%._
  * **Average contact response time,** which tracks the time it takes to respond to buyer messages divided by the total number of messages received.
  * **Buyer dissatisfaction rate,** which tracks the total number of 'No' responses to the survey question, 'Did this solve your problem?' divided by the total number of surveys sent to your buyers.

In addition to seeing your current performance, you will also see a month-
over-month comparison, showing you the percent change between your performance
for the current 4-week period versus your performance for the previous 4-week
period. If the values are in green, then it means the % change is positive. If
the values are in red, it means the % change is negative.

The dashboard also displays insights on how Amazon's top performing sellers
perform on each of these metrics, as well as store-wide average performance
for seller-fulfilled orders. These insights give you context for how your
performance compares to other sellers, highlight areas where you are
performing well, and identify opportunities to deliver an even better customer
experience.

This information can help you spot performance trends and areas for
improvement if you see performance is trending negatively. These insights are
intended to be educational and to help you grow your business. Your
performance does not impact your account health and we do not restrict selling
privileges as a consequence of below-average performance.

If you have suggestions about how we might make this information more helpful,
or suggestions for additional insights you'd like to see, we would love to
hear from you. You can share them via the **Account health** category in the
[Seller forums](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.com/forums/c/account-
health?ref=sp_ahd_pro_pol_forum)

For more information, go to [Customer service insights frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GFAK2DGMB6JWDZUX)

