---
title: Customer returns for international sales
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468550
section: General Documentation
---

When processing an international return for orders that you ship to customers
in the United States, you must use one of the following return methods
depending on your default return address:

## Return method options

##  **For international sellers with a default US return address**

  * **Amazon's prepaid returns service** : If you have a default US return address, you must use our [prepaid returns service](/gp/help/G202072200). For items returned using prepaid returns service, you are required to issue refunds within two business days of receiving the returned item. Also, for items that are exempt from our prepaid returns, you will have the option to provide your own prepaid return shipping label to US buyers.
  * **Returnless refund** : Offer a full refund without requesting the item to be returned.

##  **For international sellers without a default US return address**

  * **Automated returnless refund:** If you are fulfilling buyer orders in the US from outside the US and a default US return address is not provided, we will automatically issue the buyer a returnless refund for eligible returns equal to or under USD 25 without requiring the item to be returned. 
  * **Returnless refund:** For return items above USD 25, you may offer a full refund without requesting the item to be returned.
  * **Provide prepaid international return shipping:** Provide your own prepaid return mailing label for a return request from the stores in which you are selling. For example, if you are selling on Amazon.com and shipping from China, you will provide the buyer with a return label from the United States to your location in China. We recommend that prepaid return shipping labels include tracking.
  * **Enroll with a service provider:** Our international returns provider enrolled in the [Returns Provider program](/gp/help/GX9KNCF6855SEPBN) or a provider on the [Solution Provider Network](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/tsba?&ref_=xx_gspn_servs_hp#/search/US/returns) can help if you do not have a local return address. Using the US domestic return address established as part of your use of a service provider, you will automatically be enrolled into our prepaid return label program.
  * **Note:** If you do not offer any of the above return methods within two days of a return request, we may refund the buyer on your behalf and charge the amount to your seller account.

**Important:** For international returns, the cost of return shipping is
always the seller’s responsibility, even for faulty returns. For faulty
returns, you must also refund the cost of original shipping. If you offer a
domestic return option, you are not required to refund the cost of the
original shipping for faulty returns.

##  Returnless Refund

Follow the steps below to offer a full refund without requesting that the item
be returned.  

  1. From the orders drop-down menu, click **Manage returns**.
  2. Select the return you would like to refund, and then click **Issue refund**.
  3. Select **Customer return** as the reason for the refund, and process a full refund.
  4. Close the returns request by selecting **Issued refund without return** as the reason for closing the request and provide comments to the customer.

**Important:** If you are issuing a refund without return, you must refund the
exact amount paid for the item. Negotiating a partial refund is not an
alternative to a return.

You can automate returnless resolutions for orders shipped to customers in
United States based on item price, category, and return reason. For more
information on setting this up, go to [Returnless
resolutions](/gp/help/G202174940).

##  Provide a domestic return option

Follow these steps to provide a local return address:

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, click **Account info**.

  2. Select an existing local address as your default domestic return address or enter a new default return address.   

**Note:** This must be a valid address that you are authorized to use.

  3. Click **Submit**.

**Important:** If you don't have a local return address, an international
returns provider enrolled in the [Returns Provider
program](/gp/help/GX9KNCF6855SEPBN) or a provider on the [Solution Provider
Network](https://services.amazon.com/solution-providers/#/search/US/returns)
can help.

##  Provide prepaid international return shipping

Follow these steps to provide a prepaid return mailing label for a return
request.

  1. On the Orders drop-down menu, click **Manage returns**.

  2. Click **Authorize request** for the return request you would like to approve.

  3. Under **Your return mailing label section** , select **I will provide a prepaid mailing label for this request**.

  4. Upload a shipping label, select the **carrier** used, and enter the **Tracking ID** if you have it.

  5. Set the return label cost to 0.00 to ensure that the customer is not charged for return shipping.

**Note:** If we determine that you did not follow these requirements, we shall
proactively issue a refund to affected buyers, allowing them to keep or
discard the item.

As you consider how your buyers will return items that they purchase from you,
note the following options:

#### Customs

For international returns, you are responsible to comply with all the import
and export obligations, and pay all applicable duties and customs fees.

#### Using Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)

When you choose FBA, we will handle local returns on your behalf for FBA
orders in that store, so you don't have to worry about providing a local
return address. To learn more, go to [FBA customer
returns](/gp/help/G200379860).

#### Offer partial refunds

In certain situations, it may be appropriate to offer a partial refund on a
returned product. Full refunds should be given for returns, cancellations, and
out-of-stock items. Partial refunds can be performed at your discretion as a
goodwill gesture or as compensation to resolve disputes (for example, if the
item arrived slightly damaged or the product description had minor
discrepancies).

If you decide to issue a partial refund, we recommend agreeing on this with
the buyer in advance to help avoid misunderstanding or a possible [A-to-z
Guarantee claim](/gp/help/G27951). For more information, go to [Issue a
partial refund](/gp/help/G201650140).

####  Engaging a third-party international returns provider

We’ve created a list of returns providers that can accept returns in your
customers' countries. Depending on your sales volume and unit price,
international returns providers may offer solutions that reduce the costs you
incur when buyers in other counties return your products.

For example, some providers will consolidate returns and ship them back to you
or ship them to another customer. For a list of international return
providers, go to [Returns Provider program](/gp/help/GX9KNCF6855SEPBN) or
[Solution Provider Network](https://services.amazon.com/solution-
providers/#/search/US/returns).

