---
title: Customer service insights frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFAK2DGMB6JWDZUX
section: General Documentation
---

#### What should I do if I want to improve my customer service performance or
if I am below the store average?

There is a button under the dashboard above [Feedback Manager
(FBM)](/feedback-manager/index.html#/) called [Go to My
Inbox](/messaging/inbox-v3), which links to your seller
[Inbox](/messaging/inbox-v3). There, you will be able to action unanswered
messages and customer inquiries, and manage your customer support. Remember
that Amazon customers expect rapid response times and prompt resolution of
their requests. And keep in mind, failure to respond within 48 hours (or at
all) allows a customer to file an A-to-z Guarantee claim, which impacts your
Order Defect Rate.

#### Will my customer service insight performance impact my account health?

No. This dashboard is provided to help you understand how customers experience
their interactions with you when they need assistance with an item they
ordered, and how that customer service compares to the average and top
performances of sellers storewide. The information is intended to help you
identify opportunities to improve the customer service you deliver–it does not
impact your account health.

#### Why is Preventable Contact Rate important and how can I reduce my
incoming contacts?

Preventable contacts are customer service contacts from buyers seeking a
refund or replacement due to a product quality, fulfillment, or shipping
problem related to their order, excluding buyers who change their minds. These
contacts indicate an underlying problem with the item you shipped to the
customer – that is, the customer is contacting you due to a problem with the
product quality (for example, item arrives damaged or otherwise not in the
condition expected), fulfillment quality (for example, item arrives late), or
customer service quality (for example, previous customer message not answered
or not helpful). Your Preventable Contact Rate is an indicator of the holistic
experience you provide to your customers when they place an order with you.
While we should always be responsive to inquiries from customers, customers
should not need to contact you due to a problem with the order that could have
been prevented.

For advice on how to prevent these types of contacts, go to [Best practices to
maintain positive feedback and rating](/help/hub/reference/G12051) and
[Prevent an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/help/hub/reference/GCRVNRBZBVGBK543)

#### What does it mean if my insights show NA?

If any of the customer service insights show NA it is because you haven’t had
any contacts in the last 4 weeks.

#### Why are these customer service insights on Feedback Manager (FBM)?

Your seller star rating and feedback you manage on [FBM](/feedback-
manager/index.html#/) are customer service and fulfillment related feedback.
We want to give you more insight into your performance in these areas along
with customer feedback and data to show you how customers perceive your
performance.

#### Why do my metric values change when I click over to the seller Inbox?

[Feedback Manager](/feedback-manager/index.html#/) shows your performance for
the store you are logged into in Seller Central. If your performance insights
show different values when you click over to seller
[Inbox](/messaging/inbox-v3), it is because your performance insights on
seller [Inbox](/messaging/inbox-v3) are displayed collectively for more than
one store. To see which stores are contributing to your calculation, click the
insight value and view the 'By Store' breakdown. Your seller
[Inbox](/messaging/inbox-v3) is interactive. For more information, go to
[Customer Service Rating FAQ](/help/hub/reference/GLE8H7ZDEAUB3BMK)

#### What does a zero (0) value mean?

A zero (0) value on Buyer Dissatisfaction Rate or Preventable Contact Rate
means that you have not received any contacts that could have been prevented,
nor have you received any 'no' responses to the question 'Did this solve your
problem?' A zero value on Average Contact Response Time means you are
resolving all your buyer messages in less than 1 hour.

#### What are top performing sellers?

Top performing sellers are the cohort of sellers that consistently out-perform
their peers on a month-over-month basis when they provide their own customer
service on self-fulfilled orders. We've introduced these top performer
insights to help you see how your own performance compares to that cohort.

