---
title: Customer product reviews policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/YRKB5RU3FS5TURN
section: General Documentation
---

Customer reviews are an integral part of the customer shopping experience on
Amazon. Customers use these reviews to learn more about the product, assess
whether it fits their needs, and make an informed purchase decision. Customer
reviews also help sellers understand the customers’ sentiment about their
products, what features or aspects of the product customers like, and what
areas need improvements. Reviews also provide sellers with ideas on how to
improve their products. In order for customer reviews to continue to provide
these benefits to customers and sellers, they have to remain a true and
authentic reflection of customers’ experiences with the products.

Amazon's [Community
Guidelines](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201929730) have specific
policies that are meant to protect the authenticity of Customer Reviews, and
we ask you to comply with these policies and report any violations you might
notice.

We strongly urge you to thoroughly review Amazon Customer Reviews policies and
immediately correct any violating actions. It is important that you educate
your business partners, employees, and any third-party partners you work with
about these policies as well. Any infractions by your business partners,
employees, or third party agencies will result in enforcement actions, even if
it happened without your knowledge or consent.

Violations to Customer Reviews policies include, but are not limited to, these
actions:

  * A seller posts a review of their own product or their competitor's product.
  * A seller offers a third party a financial reward, discount, free products, or other compensation in exchange for a review on their product or their competitor’s product. This includes using services that sell customer reviews, websites, or social media groups.
  * A seller offers to provide a refund or reimbursement after the buyer writes a review (including reimbursement via a non-Amazon payment method), and asks the buyer to change or remove the review, before or after the refund or reimbursement. This could be done via buyer-seller messaging on Amazon or directly contacting customers or using 3rd party services, websites, or social media groups.
  * A seller uses a third-party service that offers free or discounted products tied to a review (for example, a review club that requires customers to register their Amazon public profile so that sellers can monitor their reviews).
  * A family member or employee of the seller posts a review of the seller's product or a competitor's product.
  * A seller asks a reviewer to change or remove their review. They might also offer a refund or other compensation to a reviewer in exchange for doing so.
  * A seller diverts negative reviews to be sent to them or to a different feedback mechanism while positive reviews are sent to Amazon.
  * A seller creates a variation relationship between products with the aim of manipulating reviews and boosting a product’s star rating via review aggregation.
  * A seller inserts a request for a positive Amazon review or an incentive in exchange for a review into product packaging or shipping box.
  * A seller uses a customer account to write or change a review on his or his competitor’s product.

**Note:** References to “seller” here includes all the seller’s employees and
third party partners.

Amazon has a zero-tolerance policy towards any customer reviews violations. If
we detect any attempts to manipulate customer reviews, we take immediate
actions that include, but are not limited to:

  * Immediate and permanent withdrawal of the seller’s selling privileges on Amazon and withholding of funds.
  * The removal of all the product’s reviews and preventing the product from receiving future reviews or ratings.
  * Permanent delisting of the product from Amazon.
  * Legal action against the seller, including lawsuits and referral to civil and criminal enforcement authorities.
  * Disclosing the seller’s name and other related information publicly.

Policy Pages on Seller Central:

  * [Customer product reviews](/gp/help/G201972140)
  * [Answers to Questions about Product Reviews](/gp/help/201972160)
  * [Communication Guidelines](/gp/help/G1701)

Guidelines Pages on Amazon:

  * [Community Guidelines](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201929730)
  * [About Promotional Content](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202094170)
  * [Anti-Manipulation Policy for Customer Reviews](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=hp_left_v4_sib&nodeId=G8CXDFT9GLRRSV3G)

