---
title: Customization Program Terms for Sellers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201823150
section: General Documentation
---

These terms supplement your seller agreement and apply to your use of features
Amazon makes available to enable the listing, sale, and fulfillment of
customizable products (the **“Customization Program”**).

#### Approval

Approval is required to participate in the Customization Program. For more
information, click [here](/gp/help/201757520).

#### Product Quality

All customizable products must be: (i) free of defects and match all
associated listing information, and (ii) compliant with all applicable laws,
regulations, safety, and quality standards.

#### Customization Data

You, Amazon customers, or other third parties may make available images,
illustrations, graphics, designs, fonts, text, or other content in connection
with the Customization Program (**“Customization Data”**). If you receive an
order for a customizable product that includes a third party’s Customization
Data, you may use that Customization Data solely to fulfill that order, and
may not retain it after the order has been fulfilled. You agree to verify that
any Customization Data complies with the [Customization Program Terms and
Conditions](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201983050),
including that it does not infringe any third-party intellectual property
rights or any Amazon policies (including policies for [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/external/200164330) and [Offensive
Products](/gp/help/200164670)).

You represent that you have all necessary rights to any Customization Data
that you make available to us, and that your Customization Data does not
infringe any third-party intellectual property rights or any Amazon policies
(including policies for [Restricted Products](/gp/help/200164330) and
[Offensive Products](/gp/help/200164670)). In addition to the rights and
licenses you grant Amazon to Your Materials, you also authorize Amazon to
enable customers to share images of products using Customization Data through
websites, mobile applications, and other online points of presence.

#### Misuse of Product Customization

You are not allowed to list the following products under the Customization
Program - personal computers, laptops, computer towers, video game consoles,
or tablets. This includes the refurbishing of the aforementioned base
products.

When customers shop for customizable products on Amazon, they expect these
products to be made-on-demand using the personal choices entered during the
purchase process. Each custom field (for example, text input, image upload, or
configuration option) the customer encounters when creating a customized
product must serve the purpose of furthering the customization of the customer
desired product. Any attempt to manipulate custom functionality in a manner
which circumvents existing Amazon policies, or misrepresents customized
products is prohibited. Prohibited behaviors include, but are not limited to:

  * Offering warranties: You are not allowed to offer any warranty (your own, third party, or a manufacture’s) as a customization option. If you would like to offer a warranty, refer to [Warranties, Service Plans, Contracts, and Guarantees](/gp/help/G200164930).
  * Bundling: You are not allowed to offer add-on products that do not further customize the item. For example, if you are offering a custom phone case, you cannot offer additional charging cords or other off-the-shelf accessories.
  * Listing with a manufacturer’s UPC: Due to the nature of customization fundamentally changing the manufacturer’s item, you are not allowed to use a manufacturer’s UPC when creating an ASIN. You can either enter your own unique GS1-certified UPC or you can apply for a [GTIN Exemption](/gp/help/G200426310).
  * Offering free promotions: You are not allowed to offer free items as a form of customization. For example, if you are offering a standard car stereo, you cannot ask if the buyer would like a free air freshener as your customization. Your base product must have an element of customization.
  * Offering “yes/no” as a customization: If you chose to use text or product configurations as your customization, you are not allowed to offer a customization that is a value of "yes/no". This type of value does not add to the customization of an item.

Violations and misuse of the custom feature set might result in loss of the
custom feature set with the inability to reinstate.

For more context and guidelines, see the [Amazon Custom Listing
Guide](/gp/help/G202004770).

