---
title: Customer service for seller-fulfilled orders
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G797533XQVR4S6RG
section: General Documentation
---

## About Customer Service by Amazon

Customer Service by Amazon is a paid service in which Amazon takes care of
customer service on your behalf for your seller-fulfilled orders. We will
direct customer inquiries for these orders to Amazon Customer Service so that
you do not need to handle them yourself.

You will enjoy a 90-day free trial after joining Customer Service by Amazon
for the first time. After your 90-day trial, you’ll be charged a fee per
seller-fulfilled shipped unit that’s based on your customer service
performance. You can opt out of Customer Service by Amazon at any time.

##  Service benefits

Customer Service by Amazon includes the following benefits:

  * Improves the customer experience by providing 24-hour, high-quality customer service throughout the year
  * Supports customers in the store-supported languages via phone, instant message, and email
  * Helps you reduce [A-to-z Guarantee claims](/gp/help/G27951), [order defect rates](/gp/help/G200285170), and negative reviews
  * Helps remove your customer service burdens by managing customer service in response to changing demands (for example, during the holiday period)
  * Saves time and can help reduce your customer service cost

##  Fees

The Customer Service by Amazon fee is charged on each seller-fulfilled shipped
unit according to your customer service performance, which is measured by
contacts per unit. For more information, go to [Customer Service by Amazon
fees](/gp/help/G92LV47D9LP2MXEF).

##  Requirements

To use Customer Service by Amazon, you must fulfill the following
requirements:

  * Agree to the [Customer Service by Amazon terms and conditions](/gp/help/G65T4N3XGC3MJB38).
  * Be registered as a Professional seller and have an account that’s in good standing on Amazon.
  * Have a business address stated during the registration process that is located in the United States, China, Hong Kong, Macao, or Taiwan.
  * Reply to Customer Service by Amazon inquiries.

Amazon Customer Service will answer customer inquiries without requesting your
input as much as possible. However, in some cases, we’ll reach out to you for
additional information.

You’re required to reply to these inquiries within 24 hours, including
weekends and holidays. Otherwise, we’ll handle the customer inquiry by using
our judgment to best serve the customer. Amazon Customer Service will
communicate with you in English or Chinese.

## Return and refund policy

Amazon Customer Service follows standard [Amazon return
policies](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-2?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201819200&qid=1591322986&sr=1-2)
for handling customer inquiries.

If you use Customer Service by Amazon, we require that you set return policies
that are at least as favorable as the Amazon return policies, to ensure a
consistent customer experience. If you have superior return or refund policies
that provide a better customer experience than Amazon's return policies,
update your return policy page.

Once Customer Service by Amazon approves your return policy, we’ll follow the
terms set by you to proceed with return or refund requests pertaining to your
seller-fulfilled orders.

If you’re based in a country outside of the US, you must follow the
requirements for [Customer returns for international
sales](/gp/help/G201468550).

##  Opt in or opt out

To learn more about Customer Service by Amazon, or to opt in, go to our [home
page](/customer-service-by-amazon/v2/home?ref=csba_help_hub).

Newly registered sellers on Amazon.com are enrolled by default in Customer
Service by Amazon. You can opt out of the service at any time.

**Important:** Once you opt in, your service will start within an hour. Buyer
inquiries for orders that are placed before your enrollment begins will not be
covered by Customer Service by Amazon.

To opt out of Customer Service by Amazon, go to the [home page](/customer-
service-by-amazon/v2/home?ref=csba_help_hub) and click **Opt out** at the top
of the page.

**Important:** You can choose to register again for Customer Service by Amazon
later. However, once you opt out, you must handle all customer inquiries for
any new seller-fulfilled orders. Existing orders will continue to be handled
by Amazon.

## Customer Service by Amazon Insights dashboard

The Customer Service by Amazon Insights dashboard is a tool that helps you
gain more holistic insights on customer pain points, reduce defects, and
ultimately create a better customer experience. With the dashboard, you can
keep track of your quarterly fee rate and view the customer satisfaction
score, which allows you to deep dive into your top contact reasons.

If you are already using Customer Service by Amazon, go to your [Customer
Service by Amazon Insights dashboard](/customer-service-by-
amazon/v2/dashboard?ref=csba_help_hub).

**How do I grant access to the dashboard for secondary users?**

By default, the dashboard is only accessible to the primary user. If you have
secondary users on the same Seller Central account, follow the steps below to
grant them access.

  

  1. Sign in to Seller Central as the primary user.
  2. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.
  3. To add a new user, enter their name and email address and click **Invite**.
  4. To edit user permissions, search for a current user and choose **Manage global permissions**.
  5. Under the **Performance** section, select **View only** for **Customer Service by Amazon home page** and I**nsights dashboard**.
  6. Scroll to the bottom of the page and click **Save changes**.

##  Frequently asked questions

#### What kind of customer inquiries are not included in Customer Service by
Amazon?

Customer Service by Amazon provides customer service for all post-order
inquiries for your seller-fulfilled orders, except queries related to invoices
and product customization. We do not provide customer service for pre-order
customer inquiries. To handle these types of inquiries, use the [Buyer-Seller
Messaging](/messaging/inbox) page.

#### Am I required to handle customer inquiries after opting in to Customer
Service by Amazon?

Yes, you still must answer pre-order inquiries or Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)
order-related inquiries on the **Buyer-Seller Messaging** page. If a customer
contacts you with an inquiry related to a seller-fulfilled order, transfer it
to Customer Service by Amazon and we’ll handle it on your behalf. If you’re
based in the US, contact us at [csba-ustous@amazon.com](mailto:csba-
ustous@amazon.com). If you’re based in China, contact us at [csba-
cn2us@amazon.com](mailto:csba-cn2us@amazon.com).

#### How will Customer Service by Amazon handle customer inquiries?

Customer Service by Amazon provides high-quality, real-time customer service
through phone, instant message, and email channels. In some cases, we’ll need
to work with you to find a resolution and reply to the customer. Our
commitment to the customer is to find a resolution typically within two days.

#### How do I make the most of Customer Service by Amazon?

  * Let Amazon do the work for you! Amazon will own the contact with the customer. Whenever you initiate contact with a customer, Amazon can no longer support you and the customer with this issue. This not only leads to customer confusion, but can also increase your workload.
  * We require a response to requests in your Case Log within 24 hours. Answering as soon as possible will ensure your customers receive the quickest resolution.
  * Include a valid tracking number with every shipment to increase your eligibility for free CSBA coverage.

#### How will Customer Service by Amazon handle returns?

We use the standard [Amazon return
policies](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-2?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201819200&qid=1591322986&sr=1-2)
to handle customer returns. If you’re based in a country outside of the US,
you must follow the requirements for [Customer returns for international
sales](/gp/help/G201468550).

#### How will I receive communication from Customer Service by Amazon?

You’ll be able to receive and reply to messages from us in your [Case
Log](/cu/case-lobby?ref=xx_caselog_count_home) in Seller Central. You will
also receive notifications in your default email address for your seller
account.

#### Can I get the communication history between Customer Service by Amazon
and the customer?

No. We do not share communication history between Customer Service by Amazon
and the customer. Communications for customer service are not recorded in
Seller Central and cannot be viewed by you. Contact [Selling Partner
Support](/help/center) if you have questions about the resolution of an order.

#### What happens if Amazon Customer Service refunds the customer but I don't
think I should be held responsible for the refund?

When Amazon issues a refund to a customer and you think that you should not be
held financially responsible for the refund, you may file a claim for
reimbursement via Seller Assurance for Ecommerce Transactions. Amazon may
reimburse you, if your claim meets the criteria in [Reimbursement for seller-
fulfilled network prepaid returns](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### How will Customer Service by Amazon answer product-related customer
inquiries?

We’ll answer a customer inquiry based on information available on the product
detail page. If we cannot solve a customer's inquiry, we will send a message
to your account via your [Case Log](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/cu/case-
lobby?ref=xx_caselog_count_home) for further assistance. We encourage you to
review and update the product detail page regularly to ensure the quality of
the content when viewed by customers and customer service.

#### Whom should I contact if I have questions about Customer Service by
Amazon?

You can contact [Selling Partner Support](/help/center) on Seller Central.

