---
title: Custom Quote request for multiple items
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQRATYYHS8S7GJD4
section: General Documentation
---

Customers can include multiple items in a single quote request. If you’re
eligible for Custom Quote, you can view these requests by clicking the
**Multiple items** tab on the **Manage Quotes** page.  
  
By clicking this tab, you can view all of the quote requests that include
multiple items, which allows you to efficiently process and respond to these
inquiries.

When you respond to a multiple-item quote request, you can address one or more
ASINs in a single request and tailor your responses to each item accordingly.

To ensure the best user experience for both you and customers, we have set a
minimum deal value of $10,000 for these requests. However, the individual
ASIN-level deal value can be lower, which gives you the flexibility to cater
to various requirements.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Am I required to provide a quote for all of the ASINs in a multiple-item
quote request?

It’s not mandatory for you to respond to all of the ASINs that appear in the
quote request. You can pick and choose which requests you want to respond to
and which ones you prefer to ignore.

#### Should I manually ignore all of the ASINs that I don’t want to respond
to?

You have the option to add offer details to specific ASINs. Simply enter the
details for the ASINs that you want to offer in your response and click
**Submit**. Once submitted, the system will automatically ignore the other
ASINs.

#### How many ASINs can be in a multiple-item quote request?

There can up to 49 ASINs in a single, multiple-item quote request.

#### Can I make a basket offer instead of responding with individual ASIN
offers?

Directly making a basket offer, in which multiple ASINs are combined into one
ASIN for an offer, is not an option.

However, you can create a basket ASIN by clicking **Add new product** on the
**Multiple items** tab. Once the basket ASIN is set up, you can click **Offer
similar ASIN** , which will present the basket ASIN to the customer as an
alternative option. The offered price will be for the entire basket of items.

In this scenario, the customer will have the opportunity to buy the complete
basket of items.

#### Can I add different handling times for different ASINs in the quote
request?

Yes. The handling time is entered at the ASIN level.

#### Is the offer expiration date at the ASIN level?

No. An offer expiration date is common for these requests and is not at the
ASIN level.

#### How is the fee discount calculated for a multiple-item quote request?

The logic for applying referral fee discounts is determined at the ASIN level,
depending on the specific ASIN and the deal value that you choose to respond
to.

#### How can I edit a multiple-item offer?

To make edits to a previously submitted offer, you must cancel the existing
offer and create a new one with the desired changes.

#### How can I make an offer on a previously ignored ASIN in a multiple-item
quote request?

You must cancel the existing offer, which will cancel all of the offers that
were made. Next, create the offer again for all of the ASINs that you would
like to make an offer on.

