---
title: Customer service for Seller Fulfilled Prime
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUTJZ6MZGMYCW7PW
section: General Documentation
---

All post-order contacts regarding Seller Fulfilled Prime orders will be
directed to Amazon Customer Service.

Amazon Customer Service (CS) will provide, and have sole discretion in
determining, all post-order customer service to Prime items including customer
returns, refunds, and adjustments to Seller Fulfilled Prime items (such as
return-less refunds, partial or full refunds, changes to the shipping speed,
cancellation of an order, or returns including a refund outside the stated
return window).

As a part of participation in Seller Fulfilled Prime, sellers agree that
Amazon may charge the costs of any returns, refunds, or other adjustments and
concessions related to Seller Fulfilled Prime items to your account. For more
information, go to [Seller Fulfilled Prime program
policy](/gp/help/G201812300).

Sellers remain responsible for pre-order buyer inquiries, inquires related to
the products, and any order-related questions that Amazon CS contacts you
about. You agree that you'll be respectful in handling all such contacts and
meet the Prime standard for customer service and customer experience.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What should I do if a customer contacts me on an issue related to a
Seller Fulfilled Prime order?

  * If the customer asks a product-related question, answer the question directly to the customer.
  * If the question is related to a refund for a return and you have already received the return, process a refund to the customer immediately.
  * If the return was not automatically refunded at first scan and you have not received the return, inform the customer that you will refund them as soon as you receive the product.
  * If the question is on any other topic, such as the return window or how to leave a review, direct the customer to Amazon CS who should be able to resolve the customer issue.

#### What should I do if Amazon CS contacts me on an issue related to a Seller
Fulfilled Prime order?

In general, Amazon CS will try not to contact you about Seller Fulfilled Prime
orders. In some cases, Amazon still needs your help to solve customer
problems. If Amazon CS contacts you on behalf of a customer:

  * Try to solve the customer's problem as quickly as possible. You are required to respond to the customer within two business days.
  * Respond to Amazon CS and the customer with the resolution steps that you have taken via buyer/seller messaging. The customer will be copied into the email exchange.

#### Will I still authorize return requests for Seller Fulfilled Prime
returns?

No, all in-policy return requests are automatically authorized. You do not
need to take any action to authorize returns.

#### How much time do I have to refund after I have received a return on a
Seller Fulfilled Prime order?

Certain returns are automatically refunded on carrier first scan. If the
return is not automatically refunded at first scan, you have two business days
to refund the item after you have received the return at your warehouse.

#### Who issues a refund for a return on a Seller Fulfilled Prime order?

It is your responsibility to issue a refund to the customer upon the receipt
of a return. However, Amazon CS reserves the right to provide a refund on
customers' request in exceptional situations (Refer to FAQ 6 below).

#### When will Amazon CS provide a full refund to the customer?

Amazon has sole discretion on providing refunds for customers within SFP,
however these are the most common scenarios where Amazon CS would issue a
refund  

  1. If the order is delayed beyond the promised delivery date.
  2. If the customer does not need the product any more.
  3. If the order does not have tracking information.
  4. If the customer complains that the product is defective/damaged, has missing parts or a wrong product is received.

Sellers are notified of refund decisions by Amazon CS with information on why
that refund has been issued (refer to FAQ 12 below).

#### Will Amazon CS contact me to resolve customer issues before issuing a
refund?

Ordinarily, Amazon CS associates will resolve issues without contacting you.
However, Amazon CS may contact you via buyer/seller messaging when the
customer has a specific product question that the Amazon CS associate is
unable to answer.

#### What happens if Amazon CS refunds the customer but I do not receive the
product back?

Ordinarily, Amazon CS will ask the product to be returned before initiating a
refund. In certain cases, Amazon CS may make an exception and ask the product
not to be returned. Amazon may reimburse you if your claim meets the criteria
in [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid
returns](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### Can I work with the customer to repair the product, if it stops working
as intended?

At this moment, repair functionality is not available in Seller Fulfilled
Prime. Accept the return and provide a full refund to the customer.

#### Why was a return request accepted or refund provided to the customer
outside the return window?

In certain cases, Amazon CS may accept a return or provide a refund to the
customer even outside the return window. These exceptions are made on a case-
to-case basis depending on the customer situation.

#### I received a return for an order that was shipped more than a month ago.
Since this is outside the return window, can I refuse the return and send it
back to the customer?

No, if the customer was able to return the product it is because Amazon CS
provided an exception to the customer and accepted the return request outside
the return window. You are required to accept all such returns. Amazon may
reimburse you if your claim meets the criteria in [Reimbursement for seller-
fulfilled network prepaid returns](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### How do I get notified of a refund issued by Customer Service on a Seller
Fulfilled Prime order?

  * Go to **Seller Central** > **Settings** > **Notification preferences** > **Return and claim notifications**.
  * Pending returns: Enable notification when a return request is either automatically approved or approved by Amazon CS.
  * Refund notifications: Enable notification when a refund is issued to the customer.

#### Can sellers dispute an Amazon CS decision to refund the customer?

To dispute a refund amount issued by Amazon CS, go to [Reimbursement for
seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### What happens, if Amazon CS refunds the customer but I don't think I
should be held responsible for the refund?

In certain cases, Amazon may reimburse you if you claim that you should not be
held responsible for the refund. You can create a SAFE-T claim to ask for
reimbursement. For more information about SAFE-T claims, go to [Reimbursement
for seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### What happens if Amazon CS refunds the customer but the responsibility
lies with the carrier?

In the case where the refund happened because of poor carrier delivery
performance, typically lost or damaged items, you must contact the carrier
directly, provide them full details of the case and seek compensation from
them directly.

