---
title: Dangerous goods review process (hazmat)
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201749580
section: General Documentation
---

The Dangerous goods team reviews each ASIN converted to **Fulfilled by
Amazon** if the product is identified as a possible dangerous good. These
reviews help ensure that shipments meet regulatory requirements and safety
standards for customers and Amazon employees.

Catalog information is the main way that we identify a possible dangerous
good. That’s why complete and accurate information must be provided when you
create a listing or convert a listing to FBA. This includes a detailed product
description, bullet points, and pictures, images, or both.

If the catalog information changes, another review may be required. The
product may then be reclassified, or you may be required to submit either a
safety data sheet (SDS) or an exemption sheet. For more information, go to
[Dangerous goods required information and documentation
(hazmat)](/gp/help/201371860).

##  Review time and potential requirements (SDS or exemption sheet)

Products with complete and correct dangerous goods information will be
reviewed and classified within two business days (Monday through Friday,
excluding public holidays). Products with incomplete, inaccurate, or
conflicting information may be blocked for sale through FBA.

In either case, you may be required to [upload an SDS or an exemption
sheet](/gp/fba/material-safety-data-sheet/index.html). Exemption sheets are
for batteries and battery-powered products, and for products without harmful
chemicals. Providing a complete and valid SDS when you create your FBA listing
will help you avoid delays.

**Important:** If your product is identified as a possible dangerous good
while inventory is already in an Amazon fulfillment center, we will notify you
by email. You will have 14 business days to provide the requested
documentation. If the documentation is not provided during this period, the
inventory will be disposed of, at your expense.

Use the **Look up an ASIN** tool to check the classification status of your
FBA ASIN (dangerous good or non-dangerous good, or if further documentation is
required from you).

## Reasons for product review and possible next steps

Here are potential reasons for product review:

  * The product requires a battery to function, but detailed battery information wasn’t provided when you created the ASIN or the detail page. Products that lack detailed power-source information may also be flagged for dangerous goods review. 
  * Batteries are mentioned on the product detail page or in buyer reviews. In this case, you must complete and upload a battery exemption sheet. To start, go to [Manage dangerous goods classification](/fba/compliance-dashboard/index.html). Next, find your preferred language on the right side of the page and download the exemption sheet template.
  * Your product may contain or be sold with other possible hazardous items (such as screen cleaner or aerosol). In this case, obtain an SDS from the manufacturer or supplier, then [upload the SDS ](/gp/fba/material-safety-data-sheet/index.html). 

Once all documents required have been uploaded, you can use the **Look up an
ASIN** tool above to check the classification status of your FBA ASIN. If your
ASIN is reclassified and you have inventory in a fulfillment center, we’ll
notify you by email.

Once the review is complete, verify that you have converted your product to
FBA. If not, then convert your product.

If you disagree with the results of your product review, [upload a new SDS or
exemption sheet ](/fba/compliance-dashboard/index.html) that supports your
claim or click **Dispute classification** on [Manage dangerous goods
classification](/fba/compliance-dashboard/index.html).

