---
title: Delivering imports to Amazon
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200280280
section: General Documentation
---

All inventory shipped to Amazon fulfillment centers must meet any of the
applicable requirements found in [FBA inventory
requirements](/gp/help/201100890).

## Importer of record

An importer of record (IOR) is usually required when shipments of your
inventory enter the United States from another country. Amazon, including our
fulfillment centers, **will not** act as an IOR for **any** shipment of FBA
inventory. This applies to shipments of any size or value, regardless of
origin and product. You **may not** leave this field blank on the customs
entry form; this may result in the shipment being refused and returned.

The IOR is responsible for: (1) ensuring the imported shipment complies with
local laws and regulations, (2) filing an entry declaration with any
associated documents, and (3) paying the import duties, taxes, and fees
associated with the shipment. You may also be required to obtain a customs
bond as security for your imported shipments to ensure that all duties, taxes,
and fees owed to the government are paid.

To learn more, go to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection's [Reasonable
Care](https://www.cbp.gov/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-Feb/icprescare2017revision.pdf)
publication.

## Non-resident importers

Shipments into the United States may be entered by a non-resident (foreign)
IOR. To become a non-resident IOR, please contact your customs broker or
carrier for details.

## Prohibited or restricted products

For information on FBA product requirements and restrictions, go to [FBA
product restrictions](/gp/help/200140860). There may also be additional
prohibitions or restrictions by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP),
or other government agencies. To learn more, go to CBP's [Prohibited and
Restricted Items](https://www.cbp.gov/travel/us-citizens/know-before-you-
go/prohibited-and-restricted-items).

Common items that require additional permits or authorizations include the
following:

  * Agricultural products
  * Plants and seeds
  * Food and alcohol
  * Vitamins and supplements
  * Medical devices, drugs, and medication
  * Hazardous goods
  * Pesticides 

Failure to comply with FBA product preparation requirements, safety
requirements, and product restrictions may result in the refusal, disposal, or
return of inventory upon receipt at the Amazon fulfillment center, blocking of
future shipments to the fulfillment center, or charges for additional
preparation or for noncompliance.

Amazon, including our fulfillment centers, **will not** act as the partner
governmental agency (PGA) importer or consignee for your shipment. Attempting
to list Amazon as the PGA importer or consignee, or using an Amazon DUNS
number, may result in detentions and seizures at the border, as well as
refusal, disposal, or blocking of inventory at the Amazon fulfillment center.

A customs broker can help you understand how to meet these requirements, and
determine whether you need a customs bond or if your inventory is subject to
an import or PGA requirement. Shipments not declared with proper PGAs will be
held or seized by CBP and returned to you at your expense, or destroyed. You
must also obtain a US-based agent when a PGA requires one for your inventory.
For example, the Food and Drug Administration requires IORs to have a Foreign
Supplier Verification Program (FSVP) agent. Amazon **will not** act as the
FSVP agent for your shipments.

Please refer to the [Service Provider
Network](https://services.amazon.com/solution-
providers/#/browse?localeSelection=en_US) in Seller Central for companies that
can provide FSVP, customs brokerage, or other import-related services.

U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) enforces several laws and
regulations, including various [Withhold Release Orders
(WROs)](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/programs-administration/forced-
labor/withhold-release-orders-and-findings), which restrict the importation of
specified products into the United States. Importations of products that are
within the scope of these CBP enforcement mechanisms will be detained by CBP.
Guidance from CBP regarding WROs and other relevant import restrictions, as
well as how to respond to product detentions, are available on CBP’s
[website](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/forced-labor).

## Customs brokers

Customs brokers are private individuals or firms licensed by CBP to prepare
and file the necessary customs entries, arrange for the payment of duties
owed, arrange for the release of goods from CBP custody, and otherwise
represent importers in customs matters.

See the "Locate Port of Entry" section of [U.S. Customs and Border
Protection](https://www.cbp.gov/?ld=AS) to find a list of customs brokers. If
you do not know your port of entry, please refer to the [Service Provider
Network](https://services.amazon.com/solution-
providers/#/browse?localeSelection=en_US) in Seller Central. If you are using
Amazon Global Logistics to ship your inventory, you may be able to retain a
customs broker through the Seller Central portal.

We suggest you contact your freight forwarder, courier, or customs broker in
advance of shipping any inventory in order to understand their fees and
requirements.

**Important:** Provide an accurate phone number and email address when using a
customs broker in case the carrier needs to contact you. Inaccurate contact
information may result in delays or the shipment being returned.

## Duties, taxes, and shipping costs

The IOR is responsible for collecting and paying all customs duties, taxes,
and fees. The amount of the customs duty, any additional taxes, and fees will
depend on the value of the shipment and the products you import, also known as
the tariff classification of the products. Your customs broker can assist you
with determining this information.

Amazon **will not** be responsible for, or collect any duties, taxes, or
shipping costs, associated with FBA inventory. All shipments are required to
use Delivered Duty Paid (DDP), sometimes referred to as "Free Domicile,"
shipping terms. Any shipment arriving at an Amazon fulfillment center with
collect charges, including any duties, taxes, or shipping costs, will be
refused without further concession.

##  Shipping to an Amazon fulfillment center

When shipping imported goods to an Amazon fulfillment center, the fulfillment
center may be listed as the deliver-to party on your shipping documentation.
Here are some examples of how this should appear on the shipping
documentation:

Example 1 | Example 2  
---|---  
Amazon.com.kydc | Amazon.com.dedc  
[Seller Legal Name] c/o FBA | [Seller Legal Name] c/o FBA  
1850 Mercer Drive | 500 McCarthy  
Lexington, KY 40511 USA | Lewisberry, PA 17339 USA   
  
Work closely with your customs broker to ensure that you have the proper
documentation and complete information for your shipment to clear customs.
Make sure that your contact information is included on the shipping
documentation in case of questions regarding your shipment.

## Ultimate consignee

While Amazon will not serve as importer of record, PGA importer or PGA
consignee, it may be listed as ultimate consignee on your customs entry
documentation — but only if **in care of FBA** is listed before the name of
the Amazon entity.

If you list Amazon as the ultimate consignee, you can use the following number
as the CBP identification number: 199900-02534. This number may not be used
for anything other than listing Amazon as the ultimate consignee. The number
should be entered in Box 22 of the customs entry form 7501 to generally
identify your shipment is being delivered to a fulfillment center. Your
shipment should be physically delivered to the Amazon fulfillment center
identified on the bill of lading.

Using the identification number for any other purpose may result in delays,
detentions, and seizures at the border as well as refusal, disposal, or
blocking of inventory at the Amazon fulfillment center.

## Special Rules for duty-free (Section 321) shipments

If you are shipping inventory to our fulfillment centers that qualifies for
[duty-free (Section 321) entry](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/trade-
enforcement/tftea/section-321-programs) under U.S. law, CBP requires that you
provide, on your shipping manifest or customs entry filing, the name of the
merchandise owner (first and last name, or company name) “**in care of** ” the
Amazon fulfillment center to which the shipment is destined. You can use the
following format in the **consignee** field of your shipping manifest, or in
the **ship to** field for a customs entry filed by your broker:

**[Seller Legal Name] c/o FBA**

**Fulfillment Center Address**

Please refer to CBP for additional
[guidance](https://www.cbp.gov/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2021-Feb/FINAL%20for%20Publication_Administrative%20Ruling%20One-
Pager%20%28002%29.pdf). It is your responsibility to make sure that your goods
meet all requirements for duty-free entry. Please consult your carrier or
customs broker for further information to make sure you are complying with all
shipping and import requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements
may cause delayed or denied customs clearance.

## Return of imports

Amazon is currently unable to return inventory stored in Amazon fulfillment
centers to an address outside of the United States. Furthermore, FBA does not
currently support pick-up options for sellers at Amazon fulfillment centers.
If you wish to have your inventory returned to you, you must supply a return
address in the United States in the Create removal order form within Seller
Central. For more information, see [Remove inventory
overview](/gp/help/200280650).

