---
title: DHL eCommerce
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWL2HBS7DDVYNJEX
section: General Documentation
---

## Carrier overview

DHL eCommerce Solutions (DeCS) is part of Deutsche Post DHL Group, established
in 2014 as part of the group’s growing focus in e-commerce logistics
solutions. In Greater China, DeCS provides cross-border B2C e-commerce
services to more than 220 countries and territories.

## Shipping benefits offered by the carrier

  * Doorstep delivery with delivery confirmation
  * World-wide delivery coverage (more than 220 countries)
  * Diversified products, including both full track and semi-track services
  * End-to-end shipment visibility for senders and recipients via 24/7 customer web portal
  * Customer service to handle seller and end-customer enquiries.

## DeCS products offered in Buy Shipping

DHL eCommerce product code | Product name  
---|---  
DHLECCN_PLT | DHL Parcel International Direct Standard  
DHLECCN_PLG | DHL Parcel International Direct Goods   
  
**Note:** Products listed above are generally available. However, availability
of a certain or any of the products listed above, to fulfill an order, depends
on many factors, such as promised delivery date, origin-destination address
pair, size and weight of the parcel and whether the item is regulated for
transportation (for example, contains hazardous material) and other factors
that carrier may determine. We will display any eligible shipping services in
the Seller Central UI. If you are using the SP-API, call
GetEligibleShipmentServices API before calling CreateShipment API to purchase
a label.

## Product introduction

For more information about each carrier product, go to [Product Introduction
document](https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/cn/dhl-
ecommerce/documents/pdf/cn-amazon-buy-shipping-decs-product-Introduction.pdf)
on carrier’s website.

## Pickup coverage

DHL eCommerce Solutions provides free pick up services in major cities in
China. For more information on pickup coverage cities, go to [Pick-up List
document](https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/cn/dhl-
ecommerce/documents/pdf/cn-amz-mss-help-page-pickup-coverage-decs.pdf) on
carrier’s website.

## Carrier registration and account Linking

Before using the DHL eCommerce Solutions’ shipping services on Buy Shipping,
you need to register a DeCS account via [carrier’s
website](https://www.shwise.cn/). Select **WISE** under the **Registration**
panel to register. Carrier registration is subject to carrier’s terms and
conditions. After registration, DeCS will contact you and help link your
Amazon seller account with your DeCS account for your own negotiated rates to
be applied when using Buy Shipping services.

## Payments and rates

Once you have registered for a DeCS account and linked your Amazon seller
account with your DeCS account, you can order transportation services directly
from the DeCS through Amazon’s Buy Shipping service. Any amount charged will
be added to your bill when the packages are handed over to DeCS.

The payment type for DeCS account customers is defaulted as pre-payment.
Electronic bills will be generated automatically in the weekly invoicing
period. Exceptional credit terms may be offered to large-volume customers with
DeCS approval. You may pay via China Merchants Bank, Alipay, or Payoneer.

## Terms and conditions

To purchase labels from DHL eCommerce, you must accept the [General Terms and
Conditions of DHL eCS Solutions (DHL
eCS)](https://www.dhl.com/content/dam/dhl/local/cn/dhl-
ecommerce/documents/pdf/cn-ecommerce-general-terms-and-conditions-en-zh.pdf).

## Frequently asked questions

####  Do I need a carrier account to use DHL eCommerce Solutions’ products on
Buy Shipping?

Yes. You need a DeCS account to purchase DHL eCommerce products on Buy
Shipping.

#### How are the charges for DeCS products purchased through Buy Shipping
services calculated?

The shipping cost displayed on Seller Central is an estimated fee based on
your parcel’s weight, ship-from and ship-to countries or regions, and the rate
DeCS provides for Amazon sellers. The final shipping charge should follow the
DeCS invoice, which will depend on the actual weight of your parcel and your
DeCS account rate. If you have other questions, log in to your DeCS account to
check.

#### What do I need to do after purchasing a label in Buy Shipping?

Hand over your parcel to DeCS by dropping it off at the appointed location or
by scheduling pick-up.

#### How to contact DeCS for pickups and when to pick up packages?

Call DeCS hotline 4008206207 to schedule a pick-up service. Driver’s Wechat
and mobile phone number will be offered for you to contact.

