---
title: Directive on Administrative Cooperation – 7th amendment (DAC7) Reporting
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5EXZM5UJQZ59WTX
section: General Documentation
---

The Directive on Administrative Cooperation – 7th amendment (DAC7) is an EU
directive (EU Council Directive 2021/514) that requires online stores that
facilitate sales to sellers who have their primary address in the EU to
collect, verify, and report sellers’ information and financial data to the
competent authorities.

To comply with DAC7, Amazon must perform the following actions, for all
eligible sellers:  

  1. Collect additional information such as Tax Identification Numbers (TINs), company registration numbers, and permanent establishments, from affected sellers.
  2. Verify the information, including verification against the respective authorities’ databases.
  3. Report sellers’ data along with details on the consideration earned, the fees charged to them, and banking details.

If the necessary information is not provided within 60 days from the first
notification, Amazon is obliged to deactivate non-compliant accounts until
this information is submitted and verified.

For more information, go to [Directive on Administrative Cooperation – 7th
Amendment (DAC7)](/gp/help/GM472VUSJDLG2HSB).

## Information reported to tax authorities

To meet the DAC7 requirements, Amazon is required to report the following
details to EU Authorities:

  * **Personal** : First and last name or legal business name, business address, all EU Tax Identification Numbers (TIN) along with issuing authority details, the VAT Registration Number (VRN) associated with the business address and date of birth (where applicable).
  * **Financial account identifiers** : Bank accounts or other type of payment account to which funds are remitted.
  * **Transactional information** : Quarterly aggregation of the total amount of funds paid or credited (net of amounts withheld or charged by Amazon), the number of sales made and any fees or commissions or taxes withheld or charged by Amazon

**Note:** Only sellers with a minimum of 30 transactions or a total
consideration amount (using the calculation listed below) of €2000/year are
eligible for reporting.

It is your responsibility to keep the information available with Amazon
correct and updated. You are required to update the information promptly, if
any changes occur to reportable information. We will report the information
available as of December 31 of each year. Any changes made before this date
will be included in the current year reporting. Any changes made after that
date will be considered for the following reporting period.

## How the fees and taxes are calculated

The fees shown in the DAC7 report include all the transactional and non-
transactional fees incurred for all transactions during a particular quarter,
net of any taxes on fees, as it is reported separately.

The calculation is:

Consideration amount = Item sale price - Fees - Taxes

Fees = (Transactional fees + Non-transactional fees) - (Transactional taxes +
Non-transactional taxes)

Taxes = Transactional taxes + Non-transactional taxes

For example, for the following sale price, taxes, and fees:

  * Item sale price: €100
  * Transactional fees (including taxes on fees): €10
  * Taxes on transactional fees: €2
  * Non-transactional fees (including taxes on fees): €5
  * Taxes on non-transactional fees: €1

The DAC7 report will show the following:

**Consideration amount** : €100 - €12 - €3 = €85

Fees: €15 - €3 = €12

Taxes: €2 + €1 = €3

**Conversion to Euros for transactions in other currencies**

Where possible, we use the yearly average conversion rates by the [European
Central Bank
(ECB)](https://www.ecb.europa.eu/stats/policy_and_exchange_rates/euro_reference_exchange_rates/html/index.en.html)
to convert all transactions during the year to Euros.

## Notification on DAC7 reporting

You may receive an email about DAC7 reporting. This e-mail will contain data
related to your selling account that Amazon is required to share with the EU
Tax Authorities to comply with DAC7 legislation. It allows you to review your
data and exercise any of your rights under the applicable data protection laws
with respect to your personal data.

While specific notification processes may vary, the information reportable to
the authorities will be shared with the you beforehand.

## About personal or financial data, and data sharing

For the reportable personal and financial information, we use the information
provided by you on Seller Central as of December 31, 2023. We use the
transaction records available to us for the aggregated transactional
information.

DAC7 requirements may be subject to changes in the future. We will keep you
informed of all the changes that affect sellers.

For more information, go to [Directive on Administrative Cooperation – 7th
Amendment (DAC7)](/gp/help/GM472VUSJDLG2HSB).

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

####  **Am I required to take any action with this statement?**

We are required to provide you with this statement annually. There is no
action required by you.

If you are not sure, we recommend that you reach out to your tax advisor to
understand your obligations and take appropriate actions. Sellers on Amazon
must comply with all applicable laws and regulations at all times.

#### Will I receive any communication from Amazon if tax authorities had any
issues with my data?

No, we are only obliged to share the reportable information to the
authorities. Tax authorities may use this information to evaluate compliance
with your tax obligations.

#### How will orders that got canceled or returned after the reporting period
be handled?

In line with the legislative guidance, any returns or cancellations occurred
after the end of the reporting period, on December 31, will be subject to
corrective filings.

#### What to do if I need more information on the data on the report?

If you need additional information on the data in the report, go to [Directive
on Administrative Cooperation – 7th Amendment
(DAC7)](/gp/help/GM472VUSJDLG2HSB) or contact Selling Partner Support through
the [Compliance portal](/complianceportal/?ref=DAC7_hp_D7port). The support
team will respond to your queries within 24 hours and help you with any next
steps.

**Disclaimer:** Information in this document does not constitute tax, legal,
or other professional advice and must not be used as such. If you have
questions, please contact your tax, legal, or other professional advisor.

