---
title: Disable Prime offers and control Prime order volume
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202118910
section: General Documentation
---

Use the [Control Prime order volume](/sbr#edit_prime_order_volume) option to
manage your Seller Fulfilled Prime order volume to ensure that you are able to
process all Prime orders in a timely manner.

## Enable or disable Prime offers

Use this feature to immediately disable Prime branded offers for all of your
products. When Prime branded offers are disabled, detail page views and orders
will not be included in your performance for [Seller Fulfilled Prime
performance requirements](/gp/help/G202072550). To re-enable Prime branded
offers, click the toggle again and Prime offers will reappear on your products
associated with Prime shipping templates.

**Note:** If a customer had a Seller Fulfilled Prime product in their cart
when you disabled Prime offers, the customer is still able to order this
product as a Prime order. This is required to preserve the customer
experience. You must ensure that these orders get to customers on time.

If Prime branding is still displayed after you've disabled Prime offers by
using the "Control Prime order volume" option or by changing your Prime
templates, see [Guidelines to turn off persistent Prime branding on Seller
Fulfilled Prime offers](/gp/help/G4HBG47F73MK7257).

Amazon recommends disabling Prime offers when unplanned events have occurred
which limit your Prime fulfillment capability at one or multiple warehouses.
This may include events such as major weather, labor shortages, equipment
failures, and carrier coordination issues.

##  Control Prime order volume

Your Prime daily order handling limit is the number of Amazon Prime orders
that you can reliably ship every day. A Prime order handling limit is required
to prevent a negative impact to your on-time delivery and cancellation rate
performance, especially during major sales events such as Prime Day.

You can change your Prime order handling limit value at any time. This will
override the default value, and your new value will be used going forward
until you decide to change it again. Once your Prime order handling limit has
been reached, Prime offers will be disabled. Prime offers will be restored
after you reach your order cut-off time and offers are promised to ship the
next operating day. The daily limit only applies to your same-day, one-day,
and two-day delivery orders, which require same day shipping. It does **not**
apply to Prime orders with standard shipping.

**Example 1:** You have an order cut-off time of 4 p.m. You reach your Prime
order limit at 6 a.m. on Tuesday morning and your Prime offers are then
disabled for all ASINs. Your Prime offers will remain disabled until 4 p.m. on
that Tuesday, after which Prime branding will be re-enabled.

At certain times, the orders that need to be fulfilled on any given ship day
might exceed the daily limit set by you. This happens because customers might
store the product in their cart and place an order at a later point of the day
or week. We allow customers to place these types of orders through Prime even
when the order limit of the seller is reached. We do this to preserve the
customer experience. You must ensure these orders get to the customer on time
by meeting the customer delivery promise.

## Setting your daily order limit

The limit is not supposed to be your forecasted volume of orders for Seller
Fulfilled Prime, but rather your internal capacity to ship orders.

**Example 2:** You have five employees, each of whom at maximum productivity
can pick, pack, and ship 100 orders per hour. Your operation is open for six
hours. Assuming all five employees are working on Seller Fulfilled Prime
orders, your Prime order limit will be 5*100*6 = 3,000 orders per day. This is
what you must set your limit at. If you are able to increase your staff, then
this limit can be increased.

Evaluate your capacity before you set a limit, and continue to re-evaluate as
your business changes.

