---
title: Drugs and drug paraphernalia
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200164490
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you supply products for sale on Amazon, you must comply with
all federal, state, and local laws and Amazon policies that are applicable to
those products and product listings.

This page covers drugs, controlled substances, and drug paraphernalia. A drug
is a substance that is used to diagnose, cure, treat, or prevent diseases in
people or animals. Drugs can also be used to change the structure or function
of the body, such as to treat some kinds of acne.

Some drugs require a prescription for sale, such as most antibiotics. Other
drugs may be sold without a prescription because they are approved by the US
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to be sold over the counter.

“Controlled substances” are drugs that are illegal, such as cocaine or heroin.
Products that are used with controlled substances may be considered drug
paraphernalia. “Drug paraphernalia” includes products that are primarily
intended or designed for use in making, preparing, or using a controlled
substance.

Use the checklist below to be sure that your product can be sold on Amazon.

## Compliance checklist for drugs and drug paraphernalia

**Packaging**

  * Drugs must be sealed in the original manufacturer’s packaging.
  * Drugs must be new and unused.
  * Drugs must clearly display identifying codes placed on the packaging by the manufacturer or distributor, such as matrix codes, lot numbers, or serial numbers.

**Labeling**

  * Drugs must be labeled in English with the following information:
    * Name of the drug
    * “Drug facts” panel
    * Active ingredients
    * Purpose of the drug
    * Uses of the drug
    * Any required warnings
    * Directions for using the drug
    * Any other information, as required for the specific product
    * Inactive ingredients
  * Drugs must use the claim “FDA approved” appropriately.
  * Drug labels must not use the FDA logo.

For more information, go to the FDA’s [guidance on
labeling](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drug-information-consumers/otc-drug-facts-
label) and [Is it really “FDA
approved”?](https://www.fda.gov/forconsumers/consumerupdates/ucm047470.htm)

**Detail page**

  * Detail pages must include the following information:
    * Name of the drug
    * Active ingredients
    * Image of the drug facts panel, and any “drug facts (continued)” panels if applicable, from the product label
  * Detail pages must comply with the approved labeling for the drug.
  * Drugs must use the claim “FDA approved” appropriately.
  * Drug labels must not use the FDA logo.

**Drug products and ingredients**

**Note:** On March 29, 2023, the FDA approved Narcan, 4 mg naloxone
hydrochloride nasal spray, for over-the-counter use. Amazon is currently
allowing only selection that we have approved. We’ll update this page if our
policy changes.

  * Drug products must be approved by the FDA for over-the-counter sale. 
  * Drug products must not require a prescription or a medical professional's supervision or direction for their use, such as the following:
    * Prescription drugs and their active ingredients
    * Antibiotics (including fish antibiotics, both over-the-counter and prescription)
    * Prescription veterinary products and their active ingredients
    * Vaccines (including human and animal vaccines)
  * Drug products must not be named in an FDA recall or safety alert. For more information, go to [Recalls, market withdrawals, & safety alerts](https://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/default.htm). 
  * Drug products must not have been the subject of a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) emergency scheduling. For more information, go to the DEA’s [press releases](https://admin.dea.gov/press-releases) page.
  * Drug products must not be named by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) as making untrue marketing claims. For more information, go to the FTC’s [press releases](https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases) page.
  * Drug products must not be identified in an FDA warning letter as adulterated (for example, unsafe or lacking evidence of safety) or misbranded (for example, having false or misleading information on the label). For more information, go to the FDA’s [warning letters](https://www.fda.gov/ICECI/EnforcementActions/WarningLetters/default.htm) page.
  * Drug listings must not be for controlled substances or products that contain controlled substances, such as the following:
    * Hemp products that contain resin or tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)
    * Hemp (or any Cannabis sativa spp. strain) seeds that are capable of germination 
    * Anything listed in Schedules I, II, III, IV, or V of the Controlled Substances Act, such as the following:
      * Coca leaves, including all variations of leaves, tea, and coca extract
      * Hallucinogenic mushrooms
      * Poppy pods, poppy straw, and poppy straw concentrate

For more information, go to [Controlled substance
schedules](https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/schedules/).

    * “List I” chemicals or their derivatives as designated by the DEA, such as the following:
      * Ephedrine
      * Phenylpropanolamine
      * Pseudoephedrine
      * Ergotamine

For more information, go to [List I and List II
chemicals](https://www.deadiversion.usdoj.gov/chem_prog/34chems.htm).

**Note:** Amazon prohibits the sale of Lugol's Solution containing more than
2.2% iodine.

  * Drugs listings must not be for substances that the DEA has identified as a drug or chemical of concern, such as the following:
    * Jimson weed
    * Kratom
    * Salvia divinorum
  * Drug listings must comply with Amazon policies:
    * Loperamide listings are restricted to 48 mg of loperamide. Capsule and tablet loperamide must be packaged in blister packs. Images of the drug facts panel and heart alert warning from the product label must be present on the detail page. 
    * Listings for poppy seeds that make certain claims are prohibited, including those that refer to poppy tea, alkaloid content, opium, and poppy seeds that are “unwashed.” 
    * Listings for products that claim to have psychoactive or hallucinogenic effects are prohibited, including “designer drugs” such as methoxetamine.
    * Listings for products that claim to produce an effect similar to that of an anabolic steroid, such as “legal steroids,” are prohibited. 
    * Listings for products that claim to imitate the effects of a controlled substance, prescription drug, or substance that the FDA has identified as an unapproved new drug or tainted supplement are prohibited, including synthetic cannabinoids and “bath salts.” 
    * Listings for homeopathic teething tablets, pills, and similar products and topical creams, gels, and similar products are prohibited. 
    * Listings for the active ingredients in prescription-only drugs are prohibited.
    * Listing for injectable drugs are prohibited.
    * Listings for products that contain cannabidiol (CBD) are prohibited, including but not limited to the following:
      * Full-spectrum hemp oil
      * Rich hemp oil
      * Products that [LegitScript](https://www.legitscript.com/) has identified as containing CBD
      * Terpene-infused Tobacco-related items
      * Liquid terpenes, terpene sprays products (excluding pesticides, topical and household cleaning products)

**Note:** Certain CBD topical products that have been verified as compliant
with applicable laws, regulations, and policies are allowed in Amazon Fresh
and Whole Foods Market on Amazon. We don’t have plans at this time to allow
the sale of CBD products on Amazon.com beyond Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods
Market on Amazon, whether through Amazon or our third-party sellers. The
approved CBD topical products in Amazon Fresh and Whole Foods Market on Amazon
are subject to geographic sales restrictions.

**Products associated with drugs and controlled substances**

  * Products must not be primarily used for making, preparing, or using a controlled substance, such as the following:
    * Butane honey oil (BHO) extractors and kits 
    * Bongs and all related accessories
    * Dab kits
    * Pipes made from metal, most woods, acrylic, glass, stone, plastic, or ceramic
    * “Rose in a glass” pipes and similar products
    * Vaporizers and all related accessories
    * Wired cigarette papers
    * Nitrous oxide crackers
    * Drug-purity testing kits

**Note:** Fentanyl testing strips are permitted for sale in Amazon’s online
store but are subject to geographic sales restrictions.

    * Any equipment, product, or material of any kind that is primarily intended or designed for use in manufacturing, compounding, converting, concealing, producing, processing, preparing, injecting, ingesting, inhaling, or otherwise introducing into the human body a controlled substance 
    * Mylar bags that are not clear or single colored
    * Bubble hash-related products
  * Product listings must comply with Amazon policies. The following are prohibited:
    * Products that are intended to defeat a drug test, such as urine additives and synthetic urine 
    * Tableting machines (“pill presses”) and encapsulating machines (“capsule fillers”), whether mechanical or manual 
    * Tablet presses or molds that are used to press or imprint a pharmaceutical drug name or identification number onto a tablet or pill 
    * Listings for products that refer to a product’s use with illegal drugs 
    * Listings for drug products that contain more than 2.2% iodine, even those in an aqueous solution 
    * Pill-binding agents and excipients in quantities of 2 pounds or more

**Note:** These products are permitted for listing but will only be available
for sale to customers with Amazon Business accounts.

## Known prohibited products

Amazon specifically prohibits the following drug products, controlled
substances, and products that imitate drug products and controlled substances.
These products are prohibited because they do not meet the checklist
requirements. This list does not include all drug products that are prohibited
by Amazon.

**Important:**

  * Amazon prohibits the sale of products that are marketed for treating moles, seborrheic keratoses, or skin tags. For more information, go to the FDA article [Products marketed for removing moles and other skin lesions can cause injuries, scarring](https://www.fda.gov/consumers/consumer-updates/products-marketed-removing-moles-and-other-skin-lesions-can-cause-injuries-scarring).
  * Amazon prohibits the sale of products that are marketed for treating molluscum. For more information, go to the FDA article [Safely treating molluscum, a common skin condition](https://www.fda.gov/consumers/consumer-updates/dont-use-products-marketed-treat-molluscum-common-skin-condition).

  * 1,4-Butanediol 
  * Amanita muscaria
  * Clenbuterol
  * Coca leaves, including all variations of leaves, tea, and coca extract
  * Codeine
  * Damiana
  * Dimethyltryptamine (DMT)
  * Drotebanol
  * Ephedrine
  * Ergotamine
  * Gamma-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB)
  * Hawaiian baby woodrose or Argyreia nervosa seeds
  * Jimson weed
  * Kanna
  * Ketamine
  * Klip dagga
  * Kratom
  * Marshmallow leaf
  * Panther amanitas
  * Peyote or mescaline
  * Phenylpropanolamine
  * Poppers, amyl nitrite products, and related products
  * Poppy pods, poppy straw, and poppy straw concentrate
  * Poppy tea (tea brewed from poppy seeds, pods, or straw)
  * Pseudoephedrine
  * Psilocybe cubensis
  * Psilocybin
  * Salvia divinorum
  * Sonoran Song Mimosa hostilis
  * Syrian rue
  * Wild dagga
  * Yopo seeds
  * Terpenes
  * Terpene Spray
  * Tobacco infused Terpenes

## Age restriction

In certain jurisdictions, Amazon will implement age restriction (18 and over)
as required for certain products.

## More resources

[LegitScript](https://www.legitscript.com/) has a searchable database that may
help when determining if a supplement includes a prohibited ingredient.

For more information, go to the following help pages:

  * [Animals and animal-related products](/gp/help/external/200164370)
  * [Cosmetics and skin and hair care](/gp/help/external/200164470)
  * [Food and beverage](/gp/help/external/200164550)
  * [Dietary supplements](/gp/help/external/201829010)
  * [Medical devices and accessories](/gp/help/external/200164650)
  * [Tobacco and tobacco-related products](/gp/help/external/200164910)
  * [Listing restrictions](/gp/help/external/G200832300)
  * [Prohibited product claims](/gp/help/external/G202024200)
  * [Restricted products](/gp/help/external/G200164330)
  * [General listing restrictions](/gp/help/external/G201707070)

Last updated October 29, 2024

