---
title: Enrollment guidelines for the US
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFRFWRGWCYU55F4D
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [United States Patent and Trademark Office
(USPTO)](https://tsdr.uspto.gov/) and search for your trademark by following
the steps below:  

  1. Under **Search** , enter the serial number, registration number, or reference number of your trademark in the search field.
  2. Click **Status**.

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to **Mark**. Then,
in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application,
enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on USPTO.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **United States – United States Patent and Trademark Office – USPTO**.

## Registration and serial number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the registration number
in the application. If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the
serial number in the application.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in the US, enter the
**Registration number** on **USPTO**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your
Brand Registry application.

## Trademark status

We accept trademarks from the US that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on USPTO, review the details under **TM5
common status descriptor**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

Status on USPTO | Status to select in application  
---|---  
Live/registration/issued and active | Registered  
Live/registration/awaiting examination  Live/application/under examination  Live/application/appeal of refusal pending  Live/application/published for opposition  Live/application/opposition pending  Live/application/published for opposition  | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type in USPTO, select **Mark information** and review
the information next to **Mark drawing type**.

Use the table below to understand if your trademark is a text-based mark (work
mark) or an image-based mark (design mark).

Description on USPTO | Trademark type  
---|---  
1 – Typeset word(s)/letter(s)/number(s) | Word mark  
4 – Standard character mark  
3 – An illustration drawing which includes word(s)/letter(s)/number(s) | Design mark  
5 – An illustration drawing with word(s)/letter(s)/number(s) in stylized form  
6 – *  
  
*If the description next to **Mark drawing type** shows "–," and all of the conditions outlined below are met, then the trademark is a design mark: 

  * The description next to **Mark drawing type** doesn’t include an illustration.
  * The description next to **Mark drawing type** doesn’t include any letters, words, or numbers.
  * The **Status** shows **Awaiting examination**. 

**Note:** If the description on USPTO shows, "2 – An illustration drawing
without any word(s)/letter(s)/number(s),” then the trademark is not eligible
for initial enrollment in Brand Registry.

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

## US legal representation

If you are enrolling with a US trademark, note that the USPTO requires
foreign-domiciled applicants or registrants to be represented by a [US-
licensed attorney](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/basics/why-hire-private-
trademark-attorney). This
[rule](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2019/07/02/2019-14087/requirement-
of-us-licensed-attorney-for-foreign-trademark-applicants-and-registrants) was
designed to improve the quality of trademark submissions by US attorneys who
are bound by ethical rules to follow the [USPTO rules of professional
conduct](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/laws) and their state bar codes of
conduct.

The USPTO has [guidance](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/filing-
firms) on how to evaluate filing firms and avoid potential USPTO rule
violations. Additional scrutiny may be triggered by Amazon for use of a
suspicious filing firm. Attorneys suspected of misconduct may be investigated
by the USPTO.

Before hiring an attorney or a trademark service company, check whether they
are subject to an [order for
sanctions](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/decisions-and-proceedings-
search-tool) from the USPTO or listed as an example of a [potentially
misleading solicitation](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/caution-
misleading-
notices#Do%20you%20have%20any%20examples%20of%20potentially%20misleading%20offers%20or%20notices?).

If you are working through an intermediary rather than directly with a US-
licensed attorney to seek a US trademark registration or enrollment in Brand
Registry, your application may be subject to additional scrutiny by Amazon and
the USPTO.

If you are concerned about the validity of your application or the conduct of
any of the entities involved in your application, consult with a private US
attorney who is knowledgeable about trademark law and is not connected to a
potentially suspicious company to evaluate your application.

The USPTO has additional resources related to [finding an
attorney](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/basics/why-hire-private-trademark-
attorney) and [protecting your trademark application or
registration](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/ten-things-you-can-do-
protect-your-trademark-application-or-registration).

You can also leverage the [Amazon IP Accelerator
program](https://brandservices.amazon.com/ipaccelerator) to connect with a
curated network of vetted IP law firms. _Note that the use of a firm vetted by
the Amazon IP Accelerator program is not required for enrollment in Brand
Registry_.

Enrollment in Brand Registry is at Amazon’s sole discretion. Any misuse of
Amazon’s Brand Protection tools or suspected misconduct in the acquisition or
maintenance of your intellectual property rights may lead to restrictions or
removal from Brand Registry. If, after having read the USPTO’s rules and
regulations, you have reason to believe that your trademark application may
have been filed in violation of USPTO’s rules and regulations, you may choose
to file a new application that is in accordance with the USPTO’s rules and
regulations.

Refer to [these
guidelines](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry/eligibility) for
eligibility in Brand Registry. Once you have a new trademark application, you
may submit a new enrollment request in Brand Registry.

**Helpful links**

  * [USPTO: Ten things you can do to protect your trademark application or registration](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/ten-things-you-can-do-protect-your-trademark-application-or-registration)
  * [USPTO: Filing firms](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/filing-firms)
  * [USPTO: Laws & Regulations](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/laws)
  * [USPTO: Trademark Decisions and Proceedings search tool](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/decisions-and-proceedings-search-tool)
  * [USPTO: Hiring a U.S.-licensed attorney](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/basics/why-hire-private-trademark-attorney)
  * [USPTO: Caution: Scam alert](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks/protect/caution-misleading-notices)
  * [Brand Registry eligibility requirements](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry/eligibility)
  * [Amazon IP Accelerator](https://brandservices.amazon.com/ipaccelerator)

