---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Australia
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQRL93V6PH6V2ZKT
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [IP Australia
(IPA)](https://search.ipaustralia.gov.au/trademarks/search/quick) and search
for your trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Enter your trademark name, trademark number, or other identifiable information in the search bar. For advanced search options, click **Advanced search**.
  2. Click the magnifying glass icon to search. 
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name under **Words**. Then,
in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application,
enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on IPA.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Australia – Intellectual Property Australia – IPA**.

## Trademark number

To find your trademark’s number on IPA, review the information under
**Number**. Then, enter this number in the **Please enter the trademark
number** field of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Do not submit the value under **IR number** (if visible).

**_WIPO number_**

If your trademark is issued by the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), enter the number that appears under **Number** on IPA. Do not enter
the number under **IR number**.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Australia that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on IPA, review the details under
**Status**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

**Status on IPA** | **Status to select in application**  
---|---  
Registered/protected Registered: Renewal date Registered: Renewal due | Registered  
Active  Published: Awaiting indexing Published: Awaiting examination Published: Under examination Published: Under examination - hearing requested Published: Under examination – deferred Published: Under examination – court action Published: Deferred awaiting certification rules – assessment Accepted: Awaiting advertisement Accepted: Opposed Accepted: In opposition period Accepted: Opposition period | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information under **Kind**.

If you see "Word", your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see
"Word, device" or "Fancy", your trademark is an image-based mark (design
mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your
brand](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

