---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Benelux
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GGGS9HRNVH5JX4WM
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Benelux Office for Intellectual Property
(BOIP)](https://www.boip.int/en/trademarks-register) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Enter your trademark number in the search field. 
  2. Click **Search**. 
  3. Next to **Filter search by** at the top of the search results, uncheck **EUR** and **INT** so that only Benelux (**BX**) trademarks appear. 
  4. Find your trademark in the search results and click **More details**. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to
**Representation of the mark**. Then, in the **What is your brand name?**
field of the Brand Registry application, enter the trademark name exactly as
it appears on BOIP.

## Trademark office

If the **Basis** field in the trademark record says “Benelux”, select
**Benelux – Benelux Office for Intellectual Property – BOIP** in the **Select
a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application.

If the **Basis** field in the trademark record says “EUR”, select **Europe –
European Union Intellectual Property Office – EUIPO** in the **Select a
trademark office** field of the application. Then, go to [Enrollment
guidelines for the EU](/help/hub/reference/GHF78UL8UMDNRUZ3) for instructions
to complete the rest of your application.

## Registration and filing number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the registration number
in the application. If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the
filing number.

**_WIPO number_**

If your trademark is issued by the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), enter the number that appears next to **Registration number** on
**BOIP**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Benelux that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on BOIP, review the details under
**Status**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

Status on BOIP | Status to select in application  
---|---  
Trade mark registered Expired, Grace period for renewal has not yet lapsed, Opposition period running Opposition has been filed | Registered  
Application received Being considered Pending response by authorized representative/applicant Publication of application Republication of application Application inadmissible Examination of the application abandoned Publication of accelerated registration | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information under **Type**.

If you see “Word”, your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see
“Figurative mark with word elements”, your trademark is an image-based mark
(design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

