---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Germany
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFGTY6PT8ELLM5K8
section: General Documentation
---

## Enrollment guidelines for Germany

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Deutsches Patent – und Markenamt
(DPMA)](https://register.dpma.de/DPMAregister/marke/basis) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Enter your trademark number, keywords, or other identifiable information in the search field. You can also check the boxes next to **German trademarks** , **EU trademarks** , and **International trademarks** to filter your search results. 
  2. Click **Start search**. 
  3. Find and click the hyperlink of your trademark number in the search results table.

## Brand name

Under the **Criterion** column, find the row labeled **Reproduction of the
mark**. In the same row, under the **Content** column, confirm the spelling
and format of your trademark name.

Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry
application, enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on DPMA.

## Trademark office

Under the **Criterion** column of the trademark record, find the row labeled
**Data file**. In the same row, under the **Content** column, check to see if
“DE”, “IR”, or “EM” is listed.

If the trademark record lists “DE” or “IR”, select **Germany – Deutsches
Patent- und Markenamt – DPMA** in the **Select a trademark office** field of
the Brand Registry application.

If the trademark record lists “EM”, select **Europe – European Union
Intellectual Property Office – EUIPO** in the **Select a trademark office**
field of the Brand Registry application. Then, go to [Enrollment guidelines
for the
EU](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHF78UL8UMDNRUZ3) for
instructions to complete the rest of your application.

## Register and file number

If you’re enrolling a trademark that’s registered, enter the register number.
If you’re enrolling a trademark that’s pending registration, enter the file
number.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in Germany, enter the **Register
number** on **DPMA**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your Brand Registry
application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Germany that are either registered or pending
registration.

Under the **Criterion** column of the trademark record, find the row labeled
**Status of file**. In the same row, under the **Content** column, you’ll find
the trademark’s status.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

**Status on DPMA** | **Status to select in application**  
---|---  
Trade mark registered Trade mark registered, opposition period running Protection allotted | Registered  
Application received | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

Under the **Criterion** column of the trademark record, find the row labeled
**Type of mark**. In the same row, under the **Content** column, you’ll find
the trademark’s type.

If you see “Word mark” or “Wortmarke”, your trademark is a text-based mark
(word mark). If you see "Word/figurative mark" or “Wort-bildmarke”, your
trademark is an image-based mark (design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your
brand](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

