---
title: Enrollment guidelines for the EU
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHF78UL8UMDNRUZ3
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [European Union Intellectual Property Office
(EUIPO)](https://euipo.europa.eu/eSearch/) and search for your trademark by
following the steps below:  

  1. Enter your trademark number in the search field. 
  2. Click **Search**. 
  3. In the search results table, find and click the hyperlink of your trademark number.

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to **Name**. Then,
in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application,
enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on EUIPO.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Europe – European Union Intellectual Property Office – EUIPO**.

## Filing number

To find your trademark’s filing number on EUIPO, review the information next
to **Filing number**. Then, enter this number in the **Please enter the filing
number** field of the Brand Registry application.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in the EU, enter the **Filing
number** on **EUIPO**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your Brand Registry
application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from the EU that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on EUIPO, review the details next to
**Trade mark status**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

Status on EUIPO | Status to select in application  
---|---  
Registered Registration cancellation pending IR accepted | Registered  
Application filed Application awaiting examination Application under examination Application Appeal of Refusal Pending Application published Application opposed Registration Pending | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information next to **Type**.

If you see "Word", your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see
"Figurative", your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark). Other
design mark types, like 3D shape or color, aren’t eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry at this time.

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and specific design mark trademarks are eligible for
initial enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to
your account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

