---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Sweden
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJ2GHD9N3WY735WH
section: General Documentation
---

## Search for your trademark

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Swedish Intellectual Property Office
(PRV)](https://www.prv.se/en/knowledge-and-support/search-databases/) and
search for your trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Under **Search databases** click **Swedish trademark database**. 
  2. Under **Basic search** , enter the name of your trademark in the **Text in trademark** field. You can also click **Advanced search** for additional search options.
  3. Click **Search**.
  4. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to **Text in
trademark**. Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand
Registry application, enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on IPA.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Sweden – Swedish Patent and Registration Office – PRV**.

## Registration and application number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the registration number.
If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the application number
(include the forward slash).

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in Sweden, enter the
**Registration number** on **PRV**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your
Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Sweden that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on PRV, review the details next to
**Status**.

Then, in the **What is the current status of your trademark?** field of the
Brand Registry application, select the appropriate status.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information next to **Trademark
type**.

If you see "Word", your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see
"Figurative”, your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

