---
title: Enrollment guidelines for South Africa
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYAZACVFGQQAVFDN
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Companies and Intellectual Property Commission
(CIPC)](https://iponline.cipc.co.za/Account/Login.aspx) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:

  

  1. If you do not already have one, create an account with CIPC.
  2. Click **Free Search** from the dropdown menu under **Trade Marks**.
  3. Enter your trademark number in the **Application Number** field or enter the name of the trademark in the Verbal Mark field. 
  4. Select the class that most accurately matches your trademark information in the **Nice class(es)** field.
  5. Click **Search**. 
  6. Find your trademark in the search results and click on the application number. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name in the **Representation
of mark** field. Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand
Registry application, enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on CIPC.

## Trademark office

In the Select a trademark office field of the Brand Registry application,
select **South Africa – Companies and Intellectual Property Commission –
CIPC**.

## Registration and application number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the trade mark number in
the application. If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the trade
mark number.

**_WIPO number_**

If your trademark is issued by the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), enter the trade mark number as it appears on CIPC. Do not enter your
WIPO number into your Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from South Africa that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on CIPC, review the details under
**Status**.

If the status is showing as “Registered”, select Registered in the Brand
Registry application. If the status is showing as “Pending”, select Pending in
the Brand Registry application. Then, locate this status in the table below to
understand if your trademark is considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand
Registry.

**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information under **Mark type**.

If you see “Verbal”, your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you
see “Figurative”, your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

