---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Italy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBAEPW48PQBFGCJN
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Ufficio Italiano Brevetti e Marchi
(UIBM)](https://www.uibm.gov.it/bancadati/) and search for your trademark by
following the steps below:  

  1. Click **Ricerca** and select **Ricerca per numero**.
  2. If your trademark number consists of 15 numbers, select **Numero di domanda nuovo formato**. If your trademark number consists of 10 numbers, including leading zeros, select **Numero di registrazione precedente formato**.
  3. Click **Cerca**.
  4. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to
**Denominazione**. If the trademark name doesn’t appear in this field, use the
trademark name that appears next to **Descrizione**. Then, in the **What is
your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application, enter the
trademark name exactly as it appears on UIBM.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Italy – Ufficio Italiano Brevetti e Marchi – UIBM**.

## Registration and question number

To find your trademark’s registration number on UIBM, review the information
next to **Numero registrazione**. To find your trademark’s question number,
review the information next to **Numero domanda**.

**_WIPO: Registration number_**

If your trademark was issued by the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), you can confirm its registration number by going to the [WIPO IP
portal](https://www3.wipo.int/madrid/monitor/en/index.jsp) and following the
steps below:  

  1. Under **Search for** , enter the trademark number that was issued by the WIPO, the trademark name, or other identifiable information in the search field. 
  2. Click the magnifying glass icon to search. 
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 
  4. Confirm that the registration number that appears next to your trademark name (directly above the **Full details** tab) matches the trademark number you have on file. 

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Italy that are either registered or pending
registration.

Your trademark is registered if it meets the following requirements:

  * The date that appears next to **Data deposito** in the trademark record is not more than 10 years older than today’s date.
  * A date appears next to **Data registrazione**.

Your trademark is pending if it meets the following requirements:

  * The date that appears next to **Data deposito** in the trademark record is not more than 10 years older than today’s date.
  * A date doesn’t appear next to **Data registrazione**.

Then, in the **What is the current status of your trademark?** field of the
Brand Registry application, select the appropriate status.

**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

**_WIPO: Trademark status_**

If your trademark was issued by WIPO, you can find its status by going to the
[WIPO IP portal](https://www3.wipo.int/madrid/monitor/en/index.jsp) and
following the steps below:  

  1. Under **Search for** , enter the trademark number that was issued by the WIPO, the trademark name, or other identifiable information in the search field. 
  2. Click the magnifying glass icon to search. 
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 

The trademark is registered if it meets the following requirements:

  * The date that appears under **180 Expected expiration date of the registration/renewal** is forward-dated. 
  * In the WIPO trademark record, under the **By office** tab, “Italy (IT)” appears with a registered status that we accept.

**Note:** WIPO doesn’t accept trademarks that are pending.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the description next to **Descrizione**.

Your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark) if the description:

  * Doesn’t display a figurative element or font
  * Only displays words
  * Includes “Denominativo, verbale"

Your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark) if the description:

  * Displays any figurative element or font
  * Includes "Figurativo", "Figurativo a colori", "Misto", or "Complesso"

If a description doesn’t appear next to **Descrizione** , review the
information next to **Natura marchio**.

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your
brand](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

