---
title: Enrollment guidelines for the UK
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZW6DZGPLQGWPMCF
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Intellectual Property Office
(IPOUK)](https://trademarks.ipo.gov.uk/ipo-tmcase) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Enter the trademark number.
  2. Select the appropriate option under **The trade mark is**.
  3. Click **Search**.

## Brand name

To find the trademark name on IPOUK, select **Names and addresses** and then
**View owner's other trade marks**. Confirm the spelling and format of your
trademark name next to **Mark text**.

Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry
application, enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on IPA.

**Note:** Trademarks that don’t have a trademark name (mark text) are
ineligible for initial enrollment in Brand Registry. However, they can be
added to your account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more,
go to [Add additional trademarks to your
brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

**_WIPO brand name:_**

If your trademark was issued by the World Intellectual Property Organization
(WIPO), then its name won’t be available on IPOUK. Follow the steps below to
find the trademark name on the [WIPO IP
portal](https://www3.wipo.int/madrid/monitor/en/index.jsp):  

  1. Enter the trademark name, number, or other identifiable information in the search field.
  2. Click the magnifying glass icon to search.
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table.
  4. Above **Full details** , the trademark name will appear next to the registration number (for example, 123456 – trademark name). 

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **United Kingdom – Intellectual Property Office UK – IPOUK**.

## Trademark number

To find your trademark’s number on IPOUK, review the information under **Trade
mark**number****. Then, enter this number in the **Please enter the
registration number** field of the Brand Registry application.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in the UK, enter the **Trade
mark number** on **IPOUK**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your Brand
Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from the UK that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on IPOUK, review the details under
**Status**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

**Status on IPOUK** | **Status to select in application**  
---|---  
Registered Protected | Registered  
Examination  Pre-publication  Application published  Application received  Opposed  | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find the trademark type on IPOUK, select **Names and addresses** and then
**View owner's other trade marks**. Then, review the information next to
**Mark type**.

If you see "Word", your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see
"Figurative”, your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**_WIPO trademark type:_**

If your trademark was issued by WIPO, then its type won’t be available on
IPOUK. Follow the steps below to find the trademark type on the [WIPO IP
portal](https://www3.wipo.int/madrid/monitor/en/index.jsp):  

  1. Enter the trademark name, number, or other identifiable information in the search field.
  2. Click the magnifying glass icon to search.
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table.
  4. Scroll down the page and review the information under **540 Mark**. If you see the trademark name in text, your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark). If you see an image, your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark). 

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

