---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Mexico
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GC7V854VWUY5DFXZ
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Instituto Mexicano de la Propiedad Industrial
(IMPI)](https://marcia.impi.gob.mx/marcas/search/quick) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Click **Advanced options**. 
  2. Enter your trademark number and click **Search**. 
  3. Find and click the trademark in the search results table. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to **Trademark
name**. Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry
application, enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on IMPI.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Mexico – Marcas IMPI – IMPI**.

## Registration and file number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the registration number.
If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the file number.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in Mexico, enter the
**Registration number** on **IMPI**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your
Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Mexico that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on IMPI, locate your trademark in the
search results table and review the **Status** column.

**Note:** The status of your trademark will not appear in the trademark
record. You must navigate back to the search results table to view its status.

Click either **Registered** or **Pending** under the **What is the current
status of your trademark?** field in the application.

**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information under **Trademark** on
IMPI.

If you see one or more Vienna codes, as well as an image of your logo, then
your trademark is an image-based mark (design mark).

If you don’t see any Vienna codes, then your trademark is a text-based mark
(word mark). You may see a graphic representation of your trademark name, but
your trademark is still a word mark.

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your
brand](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

