---
title: Enrollment guidelines for France
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBKULW4KJHCGUPSL
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to [Institut National de la Propriété Industrielle
(INPI)](https://data.inpi.fr/recherche_avancee/marques) and search for your
trademark by following the steps below:  

  1. Enter your trademark number in the search field. 
  2. Click **Pesquisar**. 
  3. Under **Número** , click the hyperlink of your trademark number. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name under **Marque**. Then,
in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application,
enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on INPI.

## Trademark office

If the trademark record says "Marque Francaise" or "Marque Internationale",
select **France – Institut National de la Propriété Industrielle – NPI** in
the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application.

If the trademark record says "Marque de L’Union Europeenne", select **Europe –
European Union Intellectual Property Office** in the **Select a trademark
office** field of the Brand Registry application. Then, go to [Enrollment
guidelines for the
EU](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHF78UL8UMDNRUZ3) for
instructions to complete the rest of your application.

## Trademark and filing number

To find your trademark’s number on INPI, review the information under
**Numéro**. Then, enter this number in the **Please enter the trademark
number** field of the Brand Registry application.

If you’re enrolling a trademark that’s pending registration, enter the filing
number in this field of the application.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in France, enter the **trademark
number** on **INPI**. Do not enter your WIPO number into your Brand Registry
application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from France that are either registered or pending
registration.

To find the status of your trademark on INPI, review the details under
**Statut**.

Then, locate this status in the table below to understand if your trademark is
considered “Registered” or “Pending” in Brand Registry. In the **What is the
current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand Registry application,
select the appropriate status.

Status on INPI | Status to select in application  
---|---  
Marque enregistrée (Registered trademark) Marque renouvelée Marque renouvelée- revendiquée comme ancienneté par EUTM (Renewed trademark, claimed as seniority by EUTM) Renouvellement demandé (Renewal of trademark requested) | Registered  
Enregistrement demandée Demande publiée Demande d’enregistrement publiée Demande d’enregistrement non publiée Demande d’enregistrement irrecevable | Pending  
  
**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

To find your trademark’s type, review the information under **Type**.

If you see "Marque verbale", your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark).
If you see "Marque semi figurative" or "Marque figurative", your trademark is
an image-based mark (design mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

