---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Türkiye
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSZDTDWYWNMMTNRZ
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

To get started, go to the [Turkish Patent and Trademark Office (TPTO)
website](https://online.turkpatent.gov.tr/trademark-
search/pub/trademark_search_detail?lang=en) and search for your trademark by
following these steps:  

  1. If your trademark is registered, enter the registration number in the **Registration no** field. If your trademark is pending registration, enter the application number in the **Application no** field. You can also click **Trademark search** for additional search options.
  2. Enter the CAPTCHA in the **Enter the verification code** field and click **Search**.
  3. Find and click your trademark in the search results table. 

## Brand name

Confirm the spelling and format of your trademark name next to **Trademark
name**. Then, in the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry
application, enter the trademark name.

**Note:** If your trademark is a design mark, additional words like “sekil”
may appear after the trademark name. Do not include these extra words when
entering the trademark name in the application.

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Türkiye – Turkish Patent and Trademark Office – TPTO**.

## Grant and application number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the grant number in the
application. If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the
application number, including the forward slash.

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with a designation in **Türkiye** , enter the
grant number on the TPTO website. Do not enter your WIPO grant number in your
Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

We accept trademarks from Türkiye that are either registered or pending
registration.

Your trademark is registered if it meets the following requirements:

  * The grant number and the application number are both visible in the trademark record on TPTO.
  * The grant date (or protection date) was created within the last 10 years.

If the trademark record only shows an application number, then your trademark
is pending registration.

In the **What is the current status of your trademark?** field of the Brand
Registry application, select the appropriate status.

**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

The trademark record on TPTO doesn’t include the trademark type details needed
for the application.

To find your trademark’s type, review your application document (epats
document). If the application document includes “Design + word”, your
trademark is an image-based mark (design mark). If the application document
doesn’t include this phrase, your trademark is a text-based mark (word mark).

Then, select the trademark type under the **Select the trademark type**
section of the Brand Registry application.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your brand](/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

