---
title: Enrollment guidelines for Egypt
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBDBAJX79SMK35QT
section: General Documentation
---

Trademark details help us identify your brand during the enrollment process.
Since each trademark office presents information in a different way, we’ve
compiled country and region-specific instructions so that you can easily find
the trademark details needed to complete the Brand Registry application.

You can find all of the trademark details needed for the application in the
electronic trademark registration certificate that was issued by the Egyptian
Trademarks and Industrial Designs Office (EGYPO).

If your trademark is pending registration, use the trademark details listed in
the receipt from the EGYPO that confirms your payment of the registration fee.

## Brand name

In the **What is your brand name?** field of the Brand Registry application,
enter the trademark name exactly as it appears on the certificate or receipt.

See the image below for an example of a trademark certificate for a registered
trademark. The brand name appears highlighted in an orange box labeled
"Brand."

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./eg_brand_name_registered_trademark.png)

  

See the image below for an example of a trademark certificate for a pending
trademark. The brand name appears highlighted in an orange box labeled "Brand
image."

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./eg_brand_name_pending_trademark.png)

  

## Trademark office

In the **Select a trademark office** field of the Brand Registry application,
select **Egypt – Egyptian Patent Office – EGYPO**.

## Registration and application number

If you’re applying with a registered trademark, enter the registration number.
If you’re applying with a pending trademark, enter the application number.

See the image below for an example of a trademark certificate for a registered
trademark. The registration number appears highlighted in an orange box.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./eg_registration_number_registered_trademark.png)

  

See the example below for an example of a trademark certificate for a pending
trademark. The application number appears highlighted in an orange box.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./eg_application_number_pending_trademark.png)

  

**_WIPO number_**

If you’re applying with a trademark that was issued by the World Intellectual
Property Organization (WIPO) with designation in Egypt, enter the registration
number as it appears on your registered trademark certificate. Do not enter
your WIPO number into your Brand Registry application.

## Trademark registration status

Click either **Registered** or **Pending** under the **What is the current
status of your trademark?** field.

**Note:** All other trademark statuses are ineligible for Brand Registry at
this time.

## Trademark type

Based on the trademark certificate or receipt, select either **Word mark** or
**Design mark** under the **Select the trademark type** section of the Brand
Registry application.

If you select **Design mark** , then you must upload a high-quality image of
your design mark. The image must be an exact match of the design mark image in
the trademark certificate. Do not upload an image of the trademark certificate
as an example of the design mark.

**Note:** Only word mark and design mark trademarks are eligible for initial
enrollment in Brand Registry. Other trademark types can be added to your
account once you’ve enrolled in Brand Registry. To learn more, go to [Add
additional trademarks to your
brand](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQCYJTBSFZK8HGN6).

