---
title: Entry Type 86 FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNNU2CLLNQKZ4GZU
section: General Documentation
---

Entry Type 86, which was introduced by US Customs and Border Protection, is an
expedited method of clearing customs. This type of entry provides duty-free
treatment for eligible shipments.

Shipments may be exempt from duties, taxes, and fees when they meet the
following criteria defined by US Customs and Border Protection: Merchandise
imported by one person (importer of record) on one day having an aggregate
fair retail value of $800 or less.

This type of entry can result in a one- to three-day improvement in clearance
speed.

For more information about Entry Type 86 and eligible shipments, go to the [US
Customs and Border Protection website](https://www.cbp.gov/trade/trade-
enforcement/tftea/section-321-programs/entry-type-86-frequently-asked-
questions).

## Frequently asked questions

#### What is the declared value for Entry Type 86 clearance?

The declared value for Type 86 shipments is the fair retail value. Shipments
exceeding $800 in aggregated value, per person per day are not eligible for de
minimis. Review the [US Customs and Border Protection
guidance](https://www.cbp.gov/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-Feb/ICP-
Customs-Value-2006-Final.pdf) on using "reasonable care" to value the goods.
The guidance also includes other information that is required to enable the
agency to collect accurate shipment data and determine whether all applicable
legal requirements are met.

#### Why can I only send shipments with a declared value of $800 or less per
day?

Amazon Global Logistics helps you with customs clearance by providing
simplified clearance channels for low-value shipments. To qualify for these
channels, you must ship an aggregate declared customs value of $800 or less
per importer of record per day.

#### What happens if I ship above the value threshold of $800?

If the aggregate declared customs value is above $800, your shipment will be
routed through an alternative customs clearance channel and may be subject to
payment of duties.

#### What happens if a shipment is delayed and now exceeds the $800 threshold?

US Customs regulations require that the $800-a-day threshold be assessed based
on the day of arrival at the US port. Shipments will clear customs in a first-
in-first-out order. Shipments that exceed $800 will be routed through an
alternative customs clearance channel and may be subject to payment of duties.

#### What happens if I declare an incorrect customs value?

If you declare an incorrect customs value, you may be subject to penalties,
and your goods could be confiscated.

#### Can all commodities regulated by a partner government agency be cleared
through Entry Type 86?

Yes, except for regulated commodities for which a fee must be collected at the
time of import, for example, a cotton or agricultural fee.

#### Are there other commodities that can’t be cleared through Entry Type 86?

Entries that are subject to antidumping or countervailing tariffs aren’t
eligible to be cleared through Entry Type 86. In addition, commodities that
are subject to US quotas can’t be cleared through Entry Type 86.

#### How do I prepare and submit compliance information for customs clearance?

As the exporter and importer, you’re responsible for providing accurate
customs information. During the booking process, please provide the compliance
information, which includes the product description, Harmonized Tariff
Schedule (HTS) code, and customs value.

If you use customs-document automation in step 3 of the Send to Amazon
workflow in Seller Central, your US compliance documents will be generated
automatically. This information will be reused for future shipments, as
appropriate.

Alternatively, you can download, complete, and upload the Commercial Invoice,
Packing List, and Export Declaration Worksheet templates. These templates can
be downloaded and uploaded in step 3 of Send to Amazon or through the booking
confirmation email.

#### How do I get an HTS code recommendation for my product?

If available, an HTS recommendation may be provided for your product based on
its attributes. As the importer, you're responsible for the correct
classification of your products.

If you disagree with the recommended HTS code, you can provide an updated HTS
code that more accurately describes your product. An HTS code is required to
ship your product internationally and may be shared with the carrier or
customs broker.

If a broker expresses a different opinion, work directly with the broker to
determine the most appropriate HTS code for your product.

#### Why do I no longer get an entry summary (Customs Form 7501) document?

Shipments that are declared under Entry Type 86 don’t have a Form 7501 issued
by US customs authorities.

#### What document can I use instead of Customs Form 7501 for refunds of VAT?

To view documents that are needed for China VAT drawback, go to the following
pages (available in Chinese only):

  * [China government website](https://www.gov.cn/zhengce/zhengceku/2022-04/30/content_5688207.htm)
  * [State Administration of Taxation website](http://www.chinatax.gov.cn/chinatax/n377/c5175044/content.html)

China VAT drawback refers to the refund of VAT that’s paid in accordance with
the provisions of the tax law during domestic production and circulation in
China. That is, the export process is exempt from tax, and the taxes that were
already paid in the previous tax process are refunded.

