---
title: Error 99010
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200713270
section: General Documentation
---

## Error 99010

A value is missing from one or more required columns from this group.

This error occurs when there are missing or conflicting values in one of the
conditionally required columns. For example, if you are adding a discounted
price for a promotion, then the sale start date, end date and sale price are
required. If any of these attributes are missing, then this error is called
out. The error message reads as follows:

A value is missing from one or more required columns from this group: [Sale
Price = null], [Sale Start Date = "2021-05-26"], [Sale End Date =
"2022-05-26"].

**Note:** The sale start date should be less than the sale end date.

**Type of error** | **Error message example** | **Affected Attribute Names (Excel Column)** | **Number of errors**  
---|---|---|---  
99010 | A value is missing from one or more required columns from this group: [Sale Price = "A_GEN_SUPERREDUCED"], [Sale Start Date = null], [Sale End Date = null]. | Sale Price (FN), Sale Start Date (FO), Sale End Date (FP) | 336  
|  | **Total number of errors** | 336  
  
_Sample Error Table as seen in error report._

In order to resolve this issue, please make sure that all the attributes, of a
conditionally required group, are populated with valid values. To prevent this
error, check the Data Definition and Valid Values tabs of category-specific
flat files before uploading them.

A few instances of conditionally required fields include:

  * If the Sale Price attribute is filled, then fill in the Sale_start_date and Sale_end_date.
  * If the Sale Price along with Sale_start_date and Sale_end_date are provided, but your date format is incorrect (i.e. not following either YYYY-MM-DD or DD-MM-YYYY), then you will receive an error.
  * If the Product_id is filled, then make sure to also fill in Product_id_type.
  * If Parentage is filled, then make sure to fill in Variation Theme.

