---
title: EU Value Added Tax (VAT) frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201748700
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or other
professional advice and must not be used as such. Consult your tax advisor to
help you understand your VAT obligations in the European Union (EU).

####  Why is Amazon collecting EU VAT on certain fees?

Under European Union Value Added Tax (EU VAT) rules, Amazon will calculate and
collect EU VAT on monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees related
to sales made by sellers who meet the following criteria:

  

  1. Do not have an EU VAT registration number; and
  2. Are a resident of an EU country; and
  3. Sell on a non-EU website.

**Note:** Amazon Payments, Checkout by Amazon, Fulfillment by Amazon, and tax
calculation service fees are not affected by this change.

Sales made to sellers with an EU VAT registration number may be subject to EU
VAT collection under a reverse charge mechanism.

#### How does Amazon calculate the EU VAT on monthly subscription fees and
Selling on Amazon fees?

Amazon will charge the standard rate of VAT applicable to your EU country of
residence for any monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees.

####  Why is Amazon charging EU VAT to my account if I only am required to be
VAT-registered when my turnover (net sales) is above the minimum threshold?

Electronically Supplied Services (ESS) are taxed according to the EU country
where the customer (Amazon seller) resides, regardless of turnover (net
sales). If you reside in the EU, Amazon will charge EU VAT on your monthly
subscription fees and selling on Amazon fees unless you supply us with your EU
VAT registration number.

####  How do I provide my EU VAT registration number to Amazon?

If you are a resident of an EU country and have an EU VAT registration number,
please provide this information to Amazon on the [European VAT Information
page](/hz/account-info/vat-information) in Seller Central. Alternatively, you
can email [Amazon Selling Partner Support](/hz/contact-us) a copy of your EU
VAT registration certificate.

#### How do I obtain an EU VAT registration number?

In some European countries, you can register online on the tax authority's
website for the country where you want to register. Registering for EU VAT may
lead to a number of associated compliance requirements, including the need to
file reports and issue EU VAT invoices. Consult your tax advisor for more
information.

**Note:** For additional information regarding VAT registration and
compliance, see [Amazon's VAT Knowledge
Center](https://services.amazon.co.uk/services/fulfilment-by-amazon/vat-
resources.html) and [How to handle VAT](https://sell.amazon.com/global-
selling/case-studies/eu-vat.html?ref_=sdus_gs_stories_euvat_i).

####  Why is Amazon charging EU VAT to my seller account if I have not made
any sales?

Under EU law, Amazon is required to charge EU VAT on monthly subscriptions
fees, which are considered electronically supplied services (ESS) as they are
delivered over the Internet or an electronic network.

For more information, see [European Commission list of electronically supplied
services](https://taxation-
customs.ec.europa.eu/system/files/2022-03/Indicative%20list%20of%20electronically%20supplied%20services.pdf).

####  I donâ€™t have an EU VAT registration number. What information does Amazon
require in order for my account to be reviewed for EU VAT exemption on my
monthly subscription fees and selling on Amazon fees?

Contact [Amazon Selling Partner Support](/hz/contact-us) with the
documentation below to be exempt from EU VAT on your monthly subscription fees
and selling on Amazon fees.

**Business** : Provide Amazon a copy of your company registration certificate
that states the effective date of registration.

**Sole trader** : Provide Amazon a statement from your tax agency that
verifies that you are a sole trader (self-employed) and states the date that
you registered as a sole trader with your tax agency.

####  Why is Amazon continuing to collect EU VAT when I have provided a valid
EU VAT registration number?

Amazon calculates EU VAT when an order is placed and charges it to the seller
account when the order is shipped. Therefore, EU VAT may still be collected on
orders placed prior to the time you provided your EU VAT registration number.

####  I updated my information to reflect my current address. Why is Amazon
continuing to collect EU VAT?

Amazon calculates EU VAT when an order is placed and collects it when the
order is shipped. Amazon determines if EU VAT should be collected based on the
address and payment information in a seller account at the time an order is
placed. Therefore, EU VAT may still be collected on orders placed prior to the
time you updated your address.

Go to [Seller Account Information](/hz/sc/account-information), and review
each section to ensure that all of your information is complete and accurate.
Note that there may be several addresses and payment methods associated with
your seller account.

#### I am no longer a resident of the EU, and I have updated all my
information to reflect my current address. Can Amazon refund previously-
charged EU VAT to my seller account?

Amazon is required to charge and remit EU VAT based on the information in your
seller account. At the time the EU VAT was collected, Amazon had enough
information to associate your account with the EU. Amazon cannot refund EU VAT
without a valid EU VAT registration number or EU VAT registration certificate.

####  How do I receive a refund for previously-charged EU VAT on my seller
account?

First, you will need to provide your EU VAT registration number to Amazon on
the [European VAT Information page](/hz/account-info/vat-information) in
Seller Central.

Then, you will need to contact [Amazon Seller Support](/hz/contact-us) to
request a refund of the EU VAT charged to your seller account. If you do not
have an EU VAT registration number, you can attach a copy of your EU VAT
registration certificate to your email to Seller Support.

EU VAT refund requests can take up to 90 days to process. You will receive an
update from Amazon when your request has been processed. The update will
provide the estimated date when you can expect to receive a refund in your
seller account if your request was approved.

####  Will Amazon provide me with an EU VAT invoice for any EU VAT collected
on my monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees?

Amazon will provide a monthly invoice to sellers who are charged EU VAT on
their monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees. Your monthly
invoice will be emailed to the primary email address we have on file for your
seller account.

You can also view your monthly invoices by going to **Seller Central** >
**Reports** > **Tax Document Library** > **Seller Fee Tax Invoices** .

#### Why did I not receive an EU VAT tax invoice?

You will not receive an EU VAT tax invoice if you have provided Amazon with a
valid EU VAT registration number or if you are not subject to any monthly
subscription fees and there has been no selling activity on your account for
the month.

#### I have added my EU VAT registration number in my seller account. Can
Amazon send me updated invoices with my EU VAT registration number?

Amazon does not include EU VAT registration numbers in invoices and cannot
modify prior invoices to reflect changes made to your seller account.

#### Can Amazon help me with my tax return?

While we are committed to helping sellers, we do not provide tax advisory or
compliance services. Please contact a tax advisor if you have any questions
about taxes or need assistance with your tax returns. We have created a list
of third-party tax advisors solely as a resource for our sellers. To learn
more, see [External Tax Advisors](https://services.amazon.com/solution-
providers/?ld=SCSOAloginAS#/browse?localeSelection=en_US). Amazon does not
endorse the services of any tax advisor.

**Note:** For more information about third-party providers that can help you
manage your global business, see the [Amazon solution provider
network](/gp/help/201687890) Help page.

