---
title: Expiration-dated product attributes
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GP9264YV9UQ8VGMH
section: General Documentation
---

When you create an ASIN for an expiration-dated product, you must provide
accurate information for the four attributes listed below. Accurate
information ensures that we can track your products’ expiration dates and
prevent expired products from reaching buyers.

**Note:** Incorrect or incomplete values for expiration attributes may lead to
early disposal or return of your products. To ensure data accuracy, we may
periodically audit and correct expiration attributes.

## Expiration-dated product definition

All products with an expiration date are considered expiration dated.
Expiration-dated products also include any product that has a shelf life, or
that loses effectiveness with time, even if an expiration date is not
indicated on the product or its packaging.

## Expiration attributes

To create a new ASIN for an expiration-dated product, go to [Add a
Product](/product-search?) and follow the on-screen instructions.

In the **Vital info** tab, you’ll be prompted to provide information for the
following expiration attributes.

**Is product expirable**

Select **Yes** from the drop-down menu if your product meets any one of the
following criteria:

  * Has a printed expiration or manufacturing date on the product or its packaging 
  * Is a topical or consumable product for human or animal use
  * Is a cleaning product, such as disinfectant wipes, cleaning sprays and solutions, and detergents
  * Includes components that can expire, such as a coffee machine that is sold bundled with coffee
  * Has a recommended shelf life
  * Loses effectiveness over time
  * Has a period-after-opening symbol (view image below)

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/icons/12M_PAO_Symbol.png)  

**Product expiration type**

If you answer **Yes** for **Is product expirable** , select one of the
following under **Product expiration type** :

  * **Expiration date required** : The expiration date is printed on the product or product packaging.
  * **Expiration on package** : The product will be reviewed and given an expiration date when we receive it in our fulfillment center.
  * **Production date required** : The production date or manufacturing date is printed on the product or product packaging.
  * **Shelf life** : The product will lose effectiveness over time but it doesn’t have an exact expiration or production date (for example, batteries and some beauty products).

If you answer **No** for **Is product expirable** , **Does not expire** will
appear under **Product expiration type**.

**Fulfillment center shelf life**

This attribute tells us how many days your product can be kept on a shelf in a
fulfillment center without losing effectiveness. If you answer **Yes** for
**Is product expirable** , then you must enter a value for **Fulfillment
center shelf life**.

Enter any value between zero and 1,825 days. If the shelf life of your product
is not given in days, convert the value and enter the shelf life in days.

If you don’t know the shelf life of your product, go to [Expiration dates on
FBA products](/gp/help/G201003420) and follow the guidelines.

**Examples**

  * Your product has no printed dates, but you know that it will lose effectiveness in 36 months. The shelf life is 36 months times 30 days per month, which is 1,080 days.
  * The product’s production date is January 1, 2022, and the expiration date is December 31, 2022. The shelf life is the difference between the production date and expiration date, which is 365 days.
  * The manufacturing date is January 1, 2022, and the product is best before 24 months. The shelf life is 24 months times 30 days per month, which is 720 days.
  * The expiration date is January 1, 2023, and your product will be received at Amazon on March 1, 2022. The shelf life is the difference between the receive date and expiration date, which is 270 days.

**Fulfillment center shelf life unit**

The only permissible unit of measurement for the fulfillment center shelf life
is days. For **Fulfillment center shelf life unit** , select **Days** from the
drop-down menu.

