---
title: Export Controls
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJS7C6DGM9BD6L4B
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you supply products for sale on Amazon, you must comply with
all federal, state, and local laws and Amazon policies applicable to those
products and product listings.

## Items subject to International and Export Trade Regulations

#### International Traffic in Arms Regulations

Some jurisdictions restrict the export, import, or sale of these products. For
instance, some weapons are deemed to be “defense articles” that are regulated
by the U.S. Department of State under the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations (“ITAR”). All items governed by ITAR require a license, a license
exemption, or other approval from the U.S. Department of State in order to
“export” (22 C.F.R. § 120.1 et seq. defines export to include releasing or
transferring “technical data” to “foreign persons,” whether inside or outside
the United States, or to “US persons” located at APO/DPO/FPO addresses outside
of the United States). Non-compliance with the ITAR can result in civil
penalties as high as $500,000 per violation, criminal penalties up to
$1,000,000 in fines, 10 years imprisonment per violation, and/or a bar from
conducting business with U.S. companies.

#### Export Administration Regulations

Weapon products considered “dual-use” (i.e., those having both a defense and
commercial purpose) may be regulated by the U.S. Department of Commerce under
the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”). An export license or other
approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce may be required prior to selling
these items. Non-compliance with EAR can result in civil penalties as high as
$250,000 per violation or twice the amount of the transaction that is the
basis of the violation, criminal penalties up to $1,000,000 per violation, 20
years imprisonment per violation, and/or loss of export privileges.

