---
title: Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service terms and conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6HWWWCJWX3VACGT
section: General Documentation
---

“You” or “Your” refers to the seller accepting this Agreement. Express Payout
(UK Visa Debit Card) enables 24-hour payout of available seller funds into a
valid, seller-designated Visa debit card issued for a bank account located in
the UK, denominated in British pounds, associated with a UK address, and
approved by Visa for use with the Express Payout program. To learn about
payout thresholds and procedures, go to [Express Payout frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX).

Use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) is governed by the Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement that You have entered into with Amazon Services
LLC or one of its affiliates ("we", "us", "our"), as supplemented by these
terms and conditions. In addition to Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) terms
and conditions, the Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement governs Your
offering of products for purchase in the Amazon store and our fulfillment of
Your products, including disbursement of any funds ("Payout") to Your UK Visa
debit card that You designated in Your Amazon Seller Central account.

When You elect to use Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card), You are asking
Amazon to request Visa to deposit the Payout in the currency of the
country/region of the bank that issued Your Express Payout (UK Visa Debit
Card), rather than the currency paid by customers in the Amazon store.

Any conversion to Your bank location currency using Express Payout (UK Visa
Debit Card) will take place at the exchange rate applied by Visa after Payout
initiation ("Applicable Exchange Rate"). Visa may include a currency
conversion fee within the exchange rate. Amazon service fees and charges, if
any, are incorporated or reflected in US currency. Visa will conduct all
currency conversions for each Payout, converting Your Payout to the currency
associated with Your bank account linked to Your Express Payout (UK Visa Debit
Card). We may share information about You or Your transactions with Visa as
required to complete Your Payout. Exchange rates may fluctuate under market
conditions that are not under our control, so the Applicable Exchange Rate for
each Payout might be different. The Applicable Exchange Rate only applies at
the time of each Payout and may change for future Payouts.

In addition, we may show an estimated Payout amount in the currency associated
with Your bank account linked to Your Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card).
Your estimated Payout will reflect each pending Payout, based on the exchange
rate received by us from Visa at the time we estimate the amount (the
"Estimated Exchange Rate"). You can view the Estimated Exchange Rate for each
pending Payout, as well as the Applicable Exchange Rate for each completed
Payout, by going to the Payments dashboard in Your Amazon Seller Central
account.

You may discontinue the use of the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) program
at any time. If You do so, You must first update Your primary deposit method
to a valid bank account. Subsequent Payouts may take extra days to allow for
the updated bank account information to take effect.

When using Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card), You bear the risk, if any,
that the exchange rate at the time of the sale of Your products in the US
Amazon store, or at the time when any refund, reimbursement, fee, or cost is
incurred, differs from the Estimated Exchange Rate and/or the Applicable
Exchange Rate. Your use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) and these terms
and conditions are independent of, and do not provide any additional rights
with respect to, Your contractual obligations to buyers of Your products in
the Amazon store. The buyer of Your products in the Amazon store is neither
involved in the providing of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service to
You, nor is a party to these terms and conditions.

We may make changes to the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service and
these terms and conditions at any time and solely at our or Visa’s discretion.
Any changes (a) for legal, regulatory, fraud and abuse prevention, or security
reasons; (b) to modify existing features, or add additional features to the
Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service (where this does not materially
adversely affect Your use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service; or
(c) to restrict products or activities that we deem unsafe, inappropriate, or
offensive will be effective upon the posting of such changes on Seller
Central. Any other changes will be effective 15 days after the posting of such
changes on the Amazon Seller Central Changes to program policies page. You are
responsible for reviewing these locations and informing Yourself of all
applicable changes or notices. You should refer regularly to Your Amazon
Seller Central account respectively to understand the current terms and
conditions related to Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card). YOUR CONTINUED USE
OF EXPRESS PAYOUT (UK VISA DEBIT CARD) SERVICE AFTER ANY SUCH CHANGES HAVE
BECOME EFFECTIVE WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR
MODIFICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES TO EXPRESS PAYOUT (UK VISA
DEBIT CARD) SERVICE AND/OR THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT CONTINUE
TO USE EXPRESS PAYOUT (UK VISA DEBIT CARD) SERVICE. You will be subject to the
terms and conditions in force at the time that You use Express Payout (UK Visa
Debit Card) service, unless any change to these terms and conditions is
required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will
apply to all orders as required by that law or government authority). If any
of these terms and conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason
unenforceable by a court, that term or condition will be deemed severable and
will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or
condition.

Our failure to enforce Your strict performance of any provision of these terms
and conditions will not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such
provision or any other provision of these terms and conditions subsequently.
We may terminate Your use of the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service
at our discretion. We also retain the right to immediately suspend or
terminate Your use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service if we
determine that (a) You have materially breached an applicable agreement with
us and failed to cure within the requested timeframe explained in Your cure
notice, unless Your breach exposes us to liability toward a third party, in
which case we are entitled to reduce, or waive, the aforementioned cure period
at our reasonable discretion; (b) Your account has been, or our controls
identify that it may be, used for deceptive or fraudulent or illegal activity;
or (c) Your use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service has harmed, or
our controls identified that Your use of Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
may harm other sellers, customers, or Amazon’s legitimate interests. You will
be given advance notice prior to your Service’s termination other than in the
instances where the termination is due to the reasons set out in (a) to (c)
above.

Please review the [Express Payout (Visa UK Debit Card)
policy](/gp/help/GVRVXQVEDY8CLA47).

