---
title: Express Payout frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX
section: General Documentation
---

## Express Payout (Bank Account) FAQ

#### What is Express Payout (Bank Account)?

Express Payout (Bank Account) allows eligible US store sellers to receive
payouts from their accrued Seller Central balance to their authorized bank
account within 24 hours, instead of the current 3 to 5 business days. To
qualify, you must have a US bank account and sell and reside in the US.

You can also receive payouts via Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) by using
[US](/gp/help/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC) or [UK](/gp/help/GVRVXQVEDY8CLA47) Visa debit
cards.

Express Payout (Bank Account) is different than Disburse on Demand, which
allows you to request a payout manually by clicking **Request payment** on the
[Payments dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html).

With Disburse on Demand, your funds would be disbursed within 3 to 5 business
days, unless your bank account is concurrently enrolled in Express Payout.

#### Am I eligible for Express Payout (Bank Account)?

To qualify for Express Payout (Bank Account), you must meet the following
conditions:

  * Have a US bank account that’s in network. To check that your bank is in network, go to [Routing/transit numbers](https://www.theclearinghouse.org/payment-systems/rtp/rtn) and confirm that your account routing number is listed.
  * Your business must reside in any of the 50 US states. US territories are not eligible for Express Payout (Bank Account). 
  * Your transaction must be $1 million or below at the time of the payment initiation. Partial payouts aren’t permitted. For example, Amazon cannot pay $900 of a $1,000 balance on Seller Central.

To enroll, go to [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView).

#### Once I sign up for Express Payout (Bank Account), which disbursements are
affected?

Once you enroll in Express Payout (Bank Account), all payouts for that
specific financial account will be completed through this service, including
the following:

  * Automatically scheduled payments through your settlement cycle
  * Any manual payout initiations from the [Payments dashboard](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/payments/dashboard/index.html)

The payouts will no longer be completed through this service if you opt out,
or if your account no longer meets the requirements for Express Payout (Bank
Account).

#### Are there any Amazon service fees for Express Payout (Bank Account)?

There are no Amazon service fees at this time for Express Payout (Bank
Account). You will get advanced written notice for any changes in these fees,
and you can deactivate the service at any time.

#### Can Amazon make partial payments from the available balance in Seller
Central?

No, Amazon can’t make partial payments from your Seller Central balance. All
payouts will disburse your entire balance.

#### What happens if my balance exceeds the Express Payout (Bank Account) per
transaction limit?

For bank account payouts, if your Seller Central available balance exceeds the
$1 million limit for Express Payout (Bank Account), then we must use the
standard payout method, which takes between 3 to 5 business days to be
disbursed.

#### How do I deactivate Express Payout?

You can unenroll from Express Payout (Bank Account) at any time by selecting
**Standard payout** on [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView).

If you [assign another bank
account](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethod/step/DepositMethod?&contextMarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&addDepositMethod=false)
to your US profile and set it as the primary deposit method, it will
automatically default to the standard payout setting unless the newly assigned
bank account was previously enrolled in Express Payout.

## Express Payout (Bank Account) troubleshooting

#### Why didn’t I get my Express Payout (Bank Account) funds within 24 hours?

Delays may occur due to the following:

  * Amazon systems or bank partners encountered a problem with completing the Express Payout, so Amazon returned the money to your Seller Central balance for your next settlement cycle. 
  * Amazon’s financial services partners or networks experienced indefinite service issues. Amazon determined that the fastest way to send your payout was through our standard payout method. Amazon will send an email confirming which payout method was used for the transaction.
  * Amazon’s systems encountered suspicious activity. 
  * The payout initiated during scheduled maintenance times on Sundays, between 12 a.m. and 6 a.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST). In this case, Amazon will hold the payout and initiate it at 6:01 a.m. EST. 

#### I signed up for Express Payout (Bank Account), but I got my money through
standard payout instead. Why?

Your payout will be sent through the standard payout method for the following
reasons:

  * Your payout exceeded the $1 million per transaction limit.
  * Your business address changed to a location outside of the 50 US states (US territories currently aren’t eligible).
  * Your default bank account in Seller Central is no longer in network.

#### What can I do if funds were returned to my Seller Central balance due to
a payout failure, and I need my money quickly but haven’t registered for
Express Payout (Bank Account)?

  * Check your email to see if your bank account was removed from Seller Central. You’ll receive this message if your payout failed, and future payouts will not succeed if retried to that invalid bank account. 
  * If your bank account is still valid and eligible for Express Payout (Bank Account), [register for this service on Deposit Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView?ref_=macs_aidepvw_cont_acinfohm) to get an expedited deposit. 
  * If your account is eligible, you can manually initiate an Express Payout for your available balance on Seller Central by clicking **Request payment** on the [Payments dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html/ref=xx_payments_dnav_xx). Otherwise, Amazon will initiate your payout automatically on your next scheduled payout date, which may be up to 14 days later. 

## Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) FAQ

#### What is Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)?

Through a limited pilot, Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) allows eligible US
store sellers to receive their payouts from their accrued Seller Central
available balances to their US-bank-issued Visa debit cards within 24 hours,
instead of the current 3 to 5 business days. Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)
also supports UK-bank-issued Visa debit cards.

You can also receive your available Seller Central balance payouts to an
eligible bank account via [Express Payout (Bank
Account)](/gp/help/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC).

Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) is different than Disburse on Demand, which
allows you to request a payout manually by clicking **Request payment** on the
[Payments dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html).

With Disburse on Demand, your funds would be disbursed within 3 to 5 business
days, unless your bank account is concurrently enrolled in Express Payout.
With Express Payouts (Visa Debit Card), you can receive your available Seller
Central balance to your eligible Visa debit card within 24 hours.

#### Am I eligible for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)?

Most US Visa debit cards are eligible for Express Payout. To enroll in Express
Payout, complete the registration process via [Deposit
Methods](/mario/v2/rf/flow/DebitCardCollection/page/AddDebitCard/global/render).
Visa will provide the final decision whether a US debit card can receive
Express Payout.

**Note:** As a limited pilot, Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) is available in
the US store with payments to a UK-bank Visa debit card.

Visa debit cards have a $50,000 per payout disbursement limit and the
following thresholds:

Table 1. Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) Thresholds **Maximum for 1 calendar day** | **Maximum for 7 calendar days** | **Maximum for 30 calendar days**  
---|---|---  
150 payouts, not to exceed $250,000 | 250 payouts, not to exceed $600,000 | 750 payouts, not to exceed $1,250,000  
Resets at 12:00 p.m. Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) daily | Resets at 12:00 p.m. UTC on a rolling seven-day basis | Resets at 12:00 p.m. UTC on a rolling thirty-day basis  
  
#### Once I sign up for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), which payouts are
affected?

Once you enroll in Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), all payouts for that
specific deposit method will be completed through Express Payout, unless you
change your deposit method or you no longer meet the service criteria. This
includes automatic and manual payments.

Receiving Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) does not mean that you are enrolled
in Express Payout (Bank Account). Any individual payouts ineligible for
Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) will be rerouted to your active bank account.
Active bank accounts not enrolled in Express Payout may take the standard 3 to
5 business days to receive the fund deposits.

If you have a Visa debit card as your primary deposit method, you can also
enroll your active bank account in Express Payout (Bank Account). Your current
and previous payout amounts will determine whether your transaction will be
received via your Visa debit card or eligible Express Payout bank account.
Please review the following table below for clarification:

Table 2. Rerouting Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) Transactions **Payout amount** | **Financial account that will receive funds** | **Time to deposit**  
---|---|---  
$50,000 or less | Visa debit card | 24 hours  
Above $50,000 and up to $1,000,000 | Bank account (Express Payout) | 24 hours  
Above $1,000,000 | Bank account (standard payout) | 3 to 5 days  
  
To view other payout limits, review Table 1 above.

#### Are there any Amazon service fees for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)?

There are no Amazon service fees for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) to US-
issued debit cards at this time. We will notify you if these fees change, and
you can deactivate the service at any time.

Until August 1, 2025, as an initial promotion, Amazon will not charge any
service fees for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) to UK-issued Visa debit
cards. However, the financial institutions that process these transactions may
charge you currency conversion fees along with the foreign exchange rate.

#### Can I make partial payments from my available balance in Seller Central?

No, you cannot make partial payouts. Amazon only makes payouts of the entire
Seller Central account balance.

#### What happens if my balance exceeds the Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)
per transaction limit?

For Visa debit card payouts, if the entire balance exceeds the $50,000 limit
set by Visa, Amazon must reroute the payout to your active bank account. In
this case, Amazon will disburse according to whether your active bank account
is enrolled in Express Payout (Bank Account), as explained in Table 2 above.

If your bank account is enrolled in Express Payout, you should receive your
payout within the 24 hours. However, if your bank account is not enrolled in
Express Payout, your funds will be disbursed in accordance to the standard
payout processing time of 3 to 5 business days.

#### How do I deactivate Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)?

To deactivate Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), replace your debit card with a
bank account as your [default deposit method in Seller
Central](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethod/step/DepositMethod?&contextMarketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&addDepositMethod=false).

#### Is Express Payout available for UK Visa debit cards? What about cards
from other countries?

As a limited pilot, Express Payout is available in the US store with payments
to a UK-bank Visa debit card when set as your default deposit method. Eligible
sellers will see a link to register their UK Visa debit card on [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView?ref_=macs_aidepvw_cont_acinfohm).
Express Payout only supports US and UK debit cards on the Visa network at this
time.

Amazon will not charge any service fees for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card)
for UK-issued Visa debit cards for an initial promotional period through
August 1, 2025. However, our financial partners perform any required currency
conversion and may include conversion fees along with the foreign exchange
rate.

You’ll receive a written notice in advance for any Amazon service fee changes,
and you can deactivate Express Payout at any time. Express Payout fees for UK
debit cards are separate from any US domestic disbursements.

Express Payout for UK Visa debit cards follows the same rules as Express
Payout for US Visa debit card, except for these conditions:

  * Express Payout with UK Visa debit cards uses Visa currency conversion rates, which may include any conversion fees applied by Visa. 
  * Express Payouts (UK Visa Debit Card) uses the same USD disbursement limits as the US Express Payout’s (Visa Debit Card) program, prior to the currency conversion. For more information on currency conversion rates, go to the [terms and conditions](/gp/help/G6HWWWCJWX3VACGT). 
  * If you’re enrolled, but your disbursement couldn’t be paid via Express Payout, your payment will be rerouted to your bank account instead. Any rerouted disbursements to a bank account will follow existing Amazon payment and foreign exchange rules.

For more information, go to [Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service terms
and conditions](/gp/help/G6HWWWCJWX3VACGT).

## Express Payout (Visa Debit Cards) troubleshooting

#### Why didn’t I get my Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) funds within 24
hours?

Delays may occur due to the following:

  * Amazon’s systems or financial services partners encountered a problem completing the Express Payout and returned the money to your Seller Central balance for your next settlement cycle. 
  * Visa will not accept payout deposits to an expired debit card. To avoid failures, Amazon will reroute your payout from an expired debit card to the active bank account in Seller Central. If the active bank account is not enrolled in Express Payout, the transaction will go through standard payout, which may take 3 to 5 business days for domestic transactions or additional time for UK cross-border transactions. Only US bank accounts are eligible for Express Payout. UK bank accounts cannot receive Express Payout.
  * Visa will not accept individual payout deposits over $50,000. To avoid failures, Amazon will reroute your payout of over $50,000 to the active bank account in Seller Central. If the active bank account is not enrolled in Express Payout, or this payout exceeds $1 million, the transaction will go through standard payout, which may take 3 to 5 business days. 
  * Amazon systems encountered suspicious activity. 
  * Visa will not accept payout deposits that exceed the Visa debit card daily, weekly, and monthly dollar payout limits listed in Table 1 above. Amazon will return these funds to your available balance. 

#### Although I signed up for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), I got my money
through standard payout instead. Why?

Your money will be sent through the standard payout method in the following
scenarios:

  * Visa will not accept payout deposits to an expired debit card. To avoid failures, Amazon will reroute your payout from an expired debit card to the active bank account in Seller Central. If the active bank account is not enrolled in Express Payout, the transaction will go through standard payout, which may take 3 to 5 business days. 
  * Visa will not accept individual payout deposits over $50,000. To avoid failures, Amazon will reroute your payout over $50,000 to the active bank account in Seller Central. If the active bank account is not enrolled in Express Payout, or this payout exceeds $1 million, the transaction will go through standard payout, which may take 3 to 5 business days. 

In both cases above, if the active bank account is not enrolled in Express
Payout, the transaction will go through standard payout. Only US bank accounts
are eligible for Express Payout. UK bank accounts cannot receive Express
Payout.

#### What can I do if I need my payment through Express Payout (Visa Debit
Card), but the funds were returned to my Seller Central balance?

You can manually initiate a payout for any available balances in Seller
Central, which can take another 24 hours to be deposited into your account via
Express Payout. Otherwise, Amazon will initiate your payout automatically on
your next scheduled payout date, which may be up to 14 days later. For more
sinformation, go to [Payments dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html).

For more information, go to the [Express Payout Bank Account and Visa Debit
Card policies](/gp/help/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC).

