---
title: Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVRVXQVEDY8CLA47
section: General Documentation
---

“You” or “Your” refers to the seller accepting this Agreement. Express Payout
(UK Visa Debit Card) is a payment program for UK sellers who are selling in
the US store that enables 24-hour payout of available seller funds into a
valid, seller-designated Visa debit card account.

## Eligibility

To be eligible for Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card), You must provide a
Visa debit card issued for a bank account located in the UK, denominated in
British pounds, associated with a UK address, and approved by Visa for use
with the Express Payout program. You will need to assign an active bank
account for any payouts ineligible for an Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
disbursement.

Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) is subject to these Visa-enforced payment
maximums in USD:

  * $50,000 per payout from US Amazon store
  * $250,000 total daily deposits, per eligible Visa debit card
  * $600,000 total weekly deposits, per eligible Visa debit card 
  * $1.25 million total monthly deposits, per eligible Visa debit card 

These limits are set by Visa, and Amazon has no control over these limits.
These limits are reset each day at midnight Coordinated Universal Time Zone
(12 a.m. UTC). These limits apply to all deposits made to a Visa debit card,
including deposits made by other entities not operated or owned by Amazon.

Any payout that exceeds Visa’s debit card payment maximum limits, or any
unsuccessful Visa debit card payouts resulting from an expired Visa debit
card, will not be disbursed via the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
program. Instead, Your funds will be automatically routed in its entirety to
Your designated bank account provided in Your Seller Central account. If Your
designated bank account assigned through Your Seller Central account is
enrolled in Express Payout (Bank Account), You should receive Your funds
within 24 hours of Your funds payout initiation. However, all designated bank
accounts that are not enrolled in Express Payout (Bank Account) may take more
than 3-5 business days to be disbursed.

## Getting started

Express Payout can be activated or deactivated by You through [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView) in Your
Seller Central account at any time.

If You activate Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card), all eligible payouts will
be deposited into Your bank account associated with Your Visa debit card
within 24 hours of payout initiation.

You can use Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) for eligible payouts at any
time. Once You have activated Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card), all future
eligible payouts will be processed via the Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card)
unless You change Your deposit method to a bank account, and Your bank is not
enrolled in Express Payout (Bank Account) in Seller Central.

For more information, go to the [Express Payout (UK Visa Debit Card) service
terms and conditions](/gp/help/G6HWWWCJWX3VACGT).

