---
title: Express Payout Bank Account and Visa Debit Card Policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHRCBB7RE3HSLGHC
section: General Documentation
---

“You” or “Your” refers to the seller accepting this Agreement. Express Payout
is a payment program for US sellers that enables faster payout deposits to
eligible bank accounts and debit cards. Instead of waiting the standard 3-5
business days for Your money to clear the Automated Clearing House (ACH)
payment network, eligible U.S. sellers can receive funds within 24 hours.

Your use of Express Payout is subject to the terms and conditions of Express
Payout and those governing the sale of your products in the Amazon store (the
“Selling Partner Agreement,” which includes, for example, the Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement). If there is a conflict between the Express
Payout terms and conditions and the Selling Partner Agreement, the terms of
the Express Payout terms and conditions take precedence.

## Section 1: Express Payout (Bank Account) Policy

Express Payout (Bank Account) enables payout deposit within 24-hour of
available seller funds into a valid, seller-designated bank account.

**Eligibility**

To be eligible for Express Payout (Bank Account), You must:

  * Have an account with an [in-network U.S. bank routing number](https://www.theclearinghouse.org/payment-systems/rtp/rtn).
  * Have a business address in one of the 50 U.S. states. Sellers in U.S. territories are ineligible.
  * Have transactions of $1MM or below at the time of the payment initiation.

If You meet all of the above requirements, You can opt-in to the free Express
Payout (Bank Account) program on the Deposit Methods page on Seller Central
(login required).

Amazon may deny any Express Payout (Bank Account) transactions involving
suspicious or fraudulent activity or if a receiving financial institution
rejects the transaction.

Our Express Payout (Bank Account) financial services partners will reject any
transactions exceeding $1MM. To avoid failure, we will automatically send
these transactions via the standard ACH system. Partial payouts of Your
balances are prohibited.

Amazon reserves its discretionary authority to revoke Your use of the Express
Payout at any time.

**Getting Started**

To activate or deactivate Express Payout (Bank Account), go to [Deposit
Methods page on Seller
Central](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView).

You can use Express Payout (Bank Account) for eligible payouts at any time
except during scheduled maintenance periods.

Once You activate Express Payout, all eligible payouts will be processed in
the 24-hour period until Express Payout is deactivated.

If You change your default bank account, payouts will automatically deposit
funds under the standard ACH system, even if the newly-designated default bank
account is in-network. You must activate the Express Payout Program for each
new bank account for expedited disbursements.

To learn more, go to [Express Payout FAQs](/gp/help/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX).

## Section 2: Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) Policy

Express Payout enables 24-hour disbursements of available seller funds into a
valid, seller-designated Visa debit card account.

**Eligibility**

To be eligible for Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), You must provide a Visa
debit card that is issued by a U.S. financial institution and approved for use
of Express Payout Program during Amazon’s registration process. During
registration, You also will need to assign an active bank account for any
payouts ineligible for Your Visa debit card.

Express Payout will abide to these Visa-enforced payment maximums in USD:

  * $50K per payout from US Amazon store.
  * $250K total daily deposits, per eligible Visa debit card.
  * $600K total weekly deposits, per eligible Visa debit card.
  * $1.25MM total monthly deposits, per eligible Visa debit card.

Above limits are reset each day at midnight Coordinated Universal Time Zone
(12 a.m. UTC). These limits apply to all deposits made to a Visa debit card,
including those from entities outside of Amazon.

Any payout that exceeds Visa debit card limits or those made to expired debit
cards will automatically be deposited in its entirety in the bank account You
designated in your Seller Central account. Unless Your active bank account
assigned in Your Seller Central account is enrolled in Express Payout, payout
will follow the standard ACH protocol, which could take between 3 - 5 business
days for You to receive the payout.

**Getting Started**

Express Payout can be activated or deactivated by You through [Deposit
Methods](/sw/AccountInfo/DepositMethodView/step/DepositMethodView) in Your
Seller Central Account at any time.

If You activate Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), all eligible payouts will be
deposited into Your bank account associated with the Visa Debit Card within 24
hours of payout initiation.

You can use Express Payout (Visa Debit Card) for eligible payouts at any time.
Once You have activated Express Payout (Visa Debit Card), all future eligible
payouts will be processed via the Express Payout until You change your deposit
method to a bank account, or deactivate Express Payout (Bank Account) in
Seller Central.

To learn more, go to [Express Payout FAQs](/gp/help/GA24UN79VBPKXZXX).

