---
title: FBA shipment creation changes to Send to Amazon
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GF3FZUPP7UZ34AZY
section: General Documentation
---

Effective October 17, 2022, Send to Amazon replaced the Send/replenish
inventory workflow across all of our stores. All new FBA shipments must be
created either in [Send to Amazon](/fba/sendtoamazon), or through the [Amazon
Marketplace Web Service API](/gp/help/G200389230) or [Selling Partner
API](https://developer.amazonservices.com/gp/mws/docs.html).

As of November 30, 2022, you can no longer view, edit, or complete any
shipments that were created through the Send/replenish inventory workflow.

**Note:** Send to Amazon can be used for Amazon Global Logistics shipments
from China.

With Send to Amazon, you can create reusable case-pack templates to save box
content information and prep and labeling details for shipments of single-SKU
boxes. In addition, you can add both single-SKU and mixed-SKU boxes to the
same workflow. For more information on the features, go to [Create shipments
with Send to Amazon](/gp/help/G6925SDD66GDLXJW).

## Create shipments through APIs

February 28, 2023, is the last day on which you can use Send/replenish
inventory to view and edit FBA shipments created through [Amazon Marketplace
Web Service API](/gp/help/G200389230) or [Selling Partner
API](https://developer.amazonservices.com/gp/mws/docs.html). On March 1, 2023,
Send to Amazon will replace Send/replenish inventory for API-created
shipments.

You can use Send to Amazon to view and edit shipments that you create through
Amazon Marketplace Web Service API or Selling Partner API. When you access
your API-created shipment in **Working** status from the Shipping Queue,
you’ll be automatically directed to the Send to Amazon workflow.

Effective March 1, you’ll have three options to create and edit your
shipments:

  * **100% on Send to Amazon in Seller Central:** Create, edit, and complete your shipment by using Send to Amazon. 
  * **100% on API:** Create, edit, and complete your shipment on Amazon Marketplace Web Service API or Selling Partner API. 
  * **Send to Amazon and API:** Use an API to create your shipment, then go to your Shipping Queue in Seller Central to access the API-created shipment. You’ll be automatically directed to Send to Amazon to edit and complete your shipment. You will not be able to choose the old workflow on March 1.

Once you view or edit an API-created shipment in Send to Amazon, you cannot
use an API to further edit the shipment. In addition, shipments that you
create on Send to Amazon can’t be edited using an API.

Some Amazon-approved third-party apps have already made enhancements to work
better with Send to Amazon. You can view the full list of Amazon-approved
third-party apps in [Selling Partner Appstore](/selling-partner-appstore).

