---
title: FBA New Selection Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNNBARVDT97NGLQ4
section: General Documentation
---

These FBA New Selection Terms and Conditions (“**Terms and Conditions** ”)
apply to your participation in the FBA New Selection program (“**FBA New
Selection** ” or “**Program** ”), which is described in full detail on the FBA
New Selection page. These Terms and Conditions supplement the [Amazon Services
Business Solutions
Agreement](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G1791) (the
“**Agreement** ”). Capitalized terms used and not defined in these Terms and
Conditions have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

**FBA New Selection Program overview**

The Program provides benefits to help Amazon Professional sellers bring new
ASINs to FBA. Sellers may be eligible to receive some or all of the Program
benefits.

**Seller Eligibility**

To be eligible for the Program, you must have a Professional Selling account.
Additional seller eligibility criteria may be specified for certain Program
benefits on the FBA New Selection page. Your continued participation in the
Program is subject to Amazon’s approval, and you must maintain eligibility
status throughout your enrollment in the Program in order to receive
associated benefits. Sellers may be eligible to receive some or all of the
Program benefits.

**ASIN Eligibility**

In order for your ASINs to be eligible for a Program benefit, they must be new
to FBA, meaning that they have never been received at an Amazon fulfillment
center before. In addition, you must have your ASINs received at an Amazon
fulfillment center after you are enrolled in the program as well as on or
after the date a benefit is launched or updated. Additional ASIN eligibility
criteria may be specified for certain Program benefits on the FBA New
Selection page.

**Other terms**  

You may choose to stop receiving benefits under the Program at any time. We
may suspend or terminate your participation in the Program immediately and
without notice if we determine you have violated the Agreement or these Terms
and Conditions, or you have committed fraud. We may also terminate or modify
these Terms and Conditions, change or cancel existing Program benefits, or
cancel your participation in the Program in accordance with the Agreement,
including the relevant notice provision.

