---
title: FBA virtual tracking FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GEFKUGES6NSE7CBP
section: General Documentation
---

#### What is virtual tracking?

Virtual tracking uses the manufacturer barcode to trace the source of the
product throughout the fulfillment process. Identical items from different
sellers are not physically stored together in a fulfillment center to enable
accurate tracking.

Virtual tracking allows Amazon to fulfill orders using identical products from
different sellers. Doing so enables us to process a customer order more
efficiently and expedite delivery from the fulfillment center that is closest
to the buyer.

#### What is commingling and how does it relate to virtual tracking?

Commingling is a term that was sometimes used to refer to virtual tracking.
However, virtual tracking is a more accurate term, because we trace the source
of eligible products throughout the fulfillment process. Identical items from
different suppliers are not stored together.

#### What is stickerless inventory?

Inventory that uses the manufacturer barcode instead of an Amazon barcode
sticker is sometimes referred to as stickerless inventory.

#### Which product categories are eligible for virtual tracking?

A broad range of products are eligible for virtual tracking, and we regularly
evaluate other product categories to include in the program. For more
information on eligibility requirements, go to [Using FBA virtual
tracking](/gp/help/G200141480).

#### If I am a brand owner, do I have to use Amazon barcodes to track my
ineligible inventory?

If your product doesnâ€™t meet the virtual-tracking eligibility requirements,
you may be able to get an exemption to use the manufacturer barcode by
applying with [Amazon Brand Registry](/gp/help/G202130410) and enrolling your
ASIN in the program. Non-brand-registered sellers would be required to apply
Amazon barcodes for the ineligible product.

#### Can I use manufacturer barcodes for expiration-dated inventory?

Yes. However, the product brand you are selling needs to be registered with
[Amazon Brand Registry](/help/hub/reference/G202130410) to allow for these
exemptions. If not, all products with an expiration date must be labeled with
an Amazon barcode to be eligible for Fulfillment by Amazon. Expiration-dated
inventory cannot be tracked by manufacturer barcodes. For more information, go
to [Expiration dates on FBA inventory](/gp/help/201003420).

####  Can I change from using Amazon barcodes to manufacturer barcodes?

You can change your barcode settings at any time. However, you must create a
new listed offer for your product to use Amazon barcode. Changes would apply
to all future shipments of eligible products. Barcode settings cannot be
changed if inventory for the item is in transit to a fulfillment center or
already at a fulfillment center. Any products that are already in fulfillment
centers must be sold through or removed by placing a [removal
order.](/gp/help/G201436560)

To change from using an Amazon barcode to the manufacturer barcode, you may
note be required to create a new product listing. For more information, go to
[How to switch from using Amazon barcodes to manufacturer
barcodes](/gp/help/GGU374R3WCTMFK8L).

#### If I want to use a manufacturer barcode to track inventory, do I need a
standard product identifier?

Yes. Amazon requires a standard product identifier for every product that uses
the manufacturer barcode for tracking (virtual tracking). To see which product
categories, require standard identifiers for major brands, go to [Product ID
(GTIN) requirements by category](/gp/help/200317520). For information on
product identifiers, go to [Find your product ID (GTIN)](/gp/help/200211450).

#### Are my products tracked by their serial numbers?

No. Fulfillment center associates receive and deliver units by scanning the
barcode. Sellers are responsible for tracking any serial numbers related to
their products.

####  Could I be penalized for products sourced from a different seller?

No. We do not deactivate listings or seller accounts based on problems with
units that are owned by other sellers.

##  More resources

  * [FBA product barcode requirements](/gp/help/201100910)
  * [Using FBA virtual tracking](/gp/help/200141480)
  * [Create a new listing that uses virtual tracking](/gp/help/GCKCNHZRCF7SNQZR)
  * [How to switch from using Amazon barcodes to manufacturer barcodes](/gp/help/GGU374R3WCTMFK8L)
  * [Use an Amazon barcode to track inventory](/gp/help/200141490)
  * [Change to Amazon barcode by creating a new product offer](/gp/help/9P8W8RZ96JFHVZH)
  * [FBA product restrictions](/gp/help/200140860)
    * [Expiration dates on FBA inventory](/gp/help/G201003420)
    * [Dangerous goods identification guide (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400)
  * [Listing requirements: Product IDs (GTINs)](/gp/help/200317470)
  * [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/)

