---
title: FBA Returnless Resolutions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G3RZC8DVQCDTCQ3B
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** For information about returnless resolutions for seller-fulfilled
orders, go to [Returnless Resolutions for seller-fulfilled
returns](/gp/help/G202174940).

A returnless resolution takes place when you refund the buyer and let the
buyer keep the product.

## How it works

By default, customers are required to return your FBA inventory to Amazon’s
fulfillment centers, where it’s evaluated for sellability.

When you enroll in FBA Returnless Resolutions for your FBA inventory, you
grant the customer a refund and allow them to keep the item, saving you the
fees associated with high return rates, customer returns processing, storage,
and removals.

**Note:** Returns that result in a returnless resolution are tracked as a
customer return and will count toward the ASIN’s average return rate, but not
towards the high return rate threshold.

By participating in this program, you agree to the FBA Returnless Resolution
program policy as stated on this page.

## Product eligibility

FBA Returnless Resolutions is not available for all products. If ineligible
products are returned, a returnless resolution will not be offered.
Eligibility is subject to legal, safety, and regulatory guidelines. Products
not eligible for FBA Returnless Resolutions include the following:

  * [Dangerous goods (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400)
  * [Recalled products](/gp/help/G200164750)
  * Gift cards
  * Heavy and bulky items
  * Non-returnable items 
  * Items with an average sales price (ASP) greater than $75

## Program enrollment

Only sellers in good standing, as defined by Amazon and determined at Amazon’s
discretion, may enroll in FBA Returnless Resolutions.

**Note:** Amazon maintains restrictions on customer participation, including
those customers who do not present a history of abuse, so only eligible
customers will be offered returnless resolutions on your behalf.

## Enable FBA Returnless Resolutions

To enable FBA Returnless Resolutions for all or some of your eligible
inventory, follow these steps:

  1. From the settings drop-down menu, select **Fulfillment by Amazon**. 

  2. On the [Fulfillment by Amazon settings page](/fba/settings/index.html/ref=xx_fbasettings_dnav_xx#/), scroll down to the **FBA returns evaluations & ownership settings** section. Then, click **Edit** next to **Returnless Resolutions**. 

  3. To enable returnless resolutions for all of your eligible inventory, select **Enable returnless resolutions for all ASINs**. This option enables returnless resolutions for all of your customer returns. 

  4. To enable returnless resolutions for some of your eligible inventory, select **Enable returnless resolutions for selected ASINs**.
     * To select ASINs for which you want to enable returnless resolutions, upload a CSV file with one ASIN per line (row). You can select up to 10,000 ASINs in your CSV file.
     * ASINs that are not included in the CSV file will be subject to the existing process where customers must return items to Amazon fulfillment centers.
     * If you want to modify the list of ASINs enabled for returnless resolutions, you must upload a new CSV file with all of the ASINs that you want to enable, not just the new ASINs for enrollment.

  5. Click **Update**.

Changes take effect immediately. Amazon is not responsible for any errors in
CSV files that were uploaded by you. Only those customer returns created after
you enable the setting are eligible for returnless resolutions. Allow up to 24
hours from the date that you enabled FBA Returnless Resolutions before
contacting Selling Partner Support.

## Disable FBA Returnless Resolutions

To disable FBA Returnless Resolutions for all or some of your inventory,
follow these steps:

  1. From the settings drop-down menu, select **Fulfillment by Amazon**. 

  2. On the [Fulfillment by Amazon settings page](/fba/settings/index.html/ref=xx_fbasettings_dnav_xx#/), scroll down to the **FBA returns evaluations & ownership settings** section. Then, click **Edit** next to **Returnless Resolutions**. 

  3. To disable returnless resolutions for all of your inventory, select **Disable returnless resolutions for all ASINs**. This is the default state, in which customers are required to return all items to Amazon fulfillment centers. 

  4. To disable FBA Returnless Resolutions for some of your inventory, select **Disable returnless resolutions for selected ASINs**.
     * To select ASINs for which you want to use the customer returns process at Amazon fulfillment centers, upload a CSV file with one ASIN per line (row). You can select up to 10,000 ASINs in your CSV file.
     * ASINs that are not included in the CSV file will be subject to FBA Returnless Resolutions.
     * If you want to modify your list of ASINs, you must upload a new CSV file with all of the ASINs that you want to disable.

  5. Click **Update**.

Changes take effect immediately. Amazon is not responsible for any errors in
CSV files that were uploaded by you. Allow up to 24 hours from the date that
you enabled FBA Returnless Resolutions before contacting Selling Partner
Support.

## Track returnless resolutions

To view the status of specific customer returns that are enabled for FBA
Returnless Resolutions, go to [FBA Returns report](/fba/returns/).

  * You will see a status of “Complete – Return not expected” if a returnless resolution was offered to the customer. 
  * After the return window passes and the customer accepts the returnless resolution, the status will change to “Complete – Customer granted returnless resolution.”

## FBA Returnless Resolutions FAQ

#### I enrolled ASINs in FBA Returnless Resolutions. Why are some customer
returns of those ASINs still returned to Amazon’s fulfillment centers?

Customers may participate in this program only if specific eligibility
criteria is satisfied. Hence, some of your inventory may continue to be
returned to Amazon’s fulfillment centers as normal if your customer is deemed
ineligible for a returnless resolution.

#### Are there fees associated with this program?

There are no program fees associated with this program.

#### Will I continue to receive the refund of my referral fee, less
administration fees?

Yes. Your experience with customer returns and the FBA referral fee remains
the same. You will continue to receive a refund of your FBA referral fee, less
the administration fees.

#### Do I qualify for a reimbursement for returns that customers receive as
returnless refunds?

No. Any return in which a customer is offered an FBA Returnless Resolution on
your behalf does not qualify for reimbursement.

#### Do returns associated with FBA Returnless Resolutions affect my average
return rate?

Yes. A returnless resolution is an outcome of a customer return and will count
toward the ASIN’s average return rate.

#### Do returns associated with FBA Returnless Resolutions affect the high
return rate calculation and fee?

No. A returnless resolution does not count toward the ASIN’s high return rate
threshold, which is used to calculate when the high return rate fee is
applied. The high return rate fee is not charged for returns that are
successfully given to customers through FBA Returnless Resolutions.

#### How does Amazon protect sellers from potential abuse of the program?

Refund requests processed through FBA Returnless Resolutions are constantly
monitored for signs of fraud. Returnless resolutions are not unconditionally
approved. Specific eligibility criteria for both sellers and customers must be
satisfied before each returnless resolution is offered.

#### What are the similarities and differences between FBA Returnless
Resolutions and Returnless Resolutions for Seller-Fulfilled Returns?

FBA Returnless Resolutions and Returnless Resolutions for Seller-Fulfilled
Returns both allow you to automatically refund the customer while allowing the
customer to retain the item. The difference is that you must enroll in these
separately. Your enrollment in FBA Returnless Resolutions only applies to your
FBA returns, and your enrollment in Returnless Resolutions for Seller-
Fulfilled Returns only applies to your seller-fulfilled returns.

