---
title: FBA New Selection
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ
section: General Documentation
---

By participating in FBA New Selection, you can qualify for a rebate on
eligible branded and non-branded ASINs, as well as free monthly storage, free
liquidations of unproductive inventory, and free return processing for all
eligible parent ASINs that are new to FBA, for a limited time.

If you are an existing FBA seller, to participate, you must enroll in the
program. After you enroll, we will determine whether you qualify for the fee
waivers based on the eligibility criteria below.

If you’re a new seller, you’ll be enrolled in the program automatically if you
create your first shipment within 90 days of listing your first buyable ASIN.
For more information, go to [New Seller
Incentives](/gp/help/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU).

By participating in FBA New Selection, you agree to the [terms and
conditions](/help/hub/reference/GNNBARVDT97NGLQ4).

**Important:**[Enroll
now](/fba/programs/subscribeMerchant/default?programId=FBA_NEW_SELECTION)

After enrollment, you'll have access to the [FBA New Selection
dashboard](/fulfillment-by-amazon/new-selection/dashboard), which shows your
engagement with the program.

For more information on the dashboard, go to [FBA New Selection
dashboard](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G5KCMZFVXE5DF3QE).

## Program details

  * **10% rebate on average for sales of eligible ASINs:** Enrolled sellers receive a monthly average rebate of 10% for sales of eligible parent ASINs that are new to FBA. We calculate the rebate based on the product category and account for the referral fees that are charged, to provide you with a rebate between 0% and 12%. The rebate is applied to your fulfillment fees the following month that it’s earned, and any unused amount expires one year after first applied to your account. For eligible branded and non-branded parent ASINs that are new-to-FBA, the rebate applies to up to 50 units for eligible non-standard size items and up to 100 units for eligible standard-size items for 120 days after the first inventory-received date.
  * **Reduced Vine enrollment fee:** Enrolled sellers receive a 25% discount on the Vine enrollment fee for eligible selection. This discount applies when 3 to 10 units per parent ASIN are enrolled in Vine. ASINs must be received at fulfillment centers on or after September 15, 2024 and enrolled in Vine within 5 to 60 days of the first shipment received at a fulfillment center. ASINs previously enrolled in Vine will not be eligible for the discount. This discount is applied once for each eligible parent ASIN.
  * **Inbound placement service fee exemption:** No inbound placement service fee will be charged for the first 100 units of each new parent ASIN with the first shipment created between December 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. For details, go to the [Inbound placement service fee](/help/hub/reference/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z) page.
  * **Free monthly storage and free liquidations for standard-size ASINs:** No monthly storage fees will be charged for the first 100 units of each new parent ASIN for 120 days after the first unit is received at a fulfillment center. You can liquidate any of those first 100 units within 180 days after the first inventory-received date with no liquidation fees. 
  * **Free monthly storage and free liquidations for non-standard size ASINs:** No monthly storage fees will be charged for the first 50 units of each new parent ASIN for 120 days after the first unit is received at a fulfillment center. You can liquidate any of those first 50 units within 180 days after the first inventory-received date with no liquidation fees. 
  * **Returns processing fee waiver:** We'll waive return processing fees for up to 20 units of each standard-size parent ASIN. Returned items must be received at a fulfillment center within 180 days of the first inventory-received date.
  * **Global enrollment:** You only need to enroll once and program benefits will be applied in each Amazon store automatically where you have an active account, determined based on your MCID and email, and have sent eligible new selection to fulfillment centers. 
  * **Limited to new-to-FBA parent ASINs:** After you enroll in the program, you can use the fee waiver program benefits for an unlimited number of new-to-FBA [parent ASINs](/gp/help/external/G8831) that you create.

These benefits, with the exception of the reduced Vine enrollment fee, apply
to parent ASINs that are received at fulfillment centers on or after March 1,
2024.

## Seller eligibility

Professional sellers are eligible to enroll in the FBA New Selection program.
If you've been assigned an [Inventory Performance Index](/gp/help/G202174810)
(IPI) score, you must have a score of 300 or higher to qualify for the
program. If you have yet to be assigned an IPI score, you can also enroll in
the program and receive the program's benefits.

To get the benefits, you must maintain eligibility after enrollment. Your
eligibility status will be updated daily, based on your IPI score.

You'll remain eligible until the next bi-annual assessment on April 1 and
September 1, even if your IPI score changes before that date. If your IPI
score is below 300 on the next assessment date, you will be removed from the
program.

If you have enrolled but aren't eligible for the program benefits because your
IPI score is below 300, you'll become eligible if your IPI score is 300 or
higher on the next daily IPI assessment date, even if it comes before the next
eligibility assessment on April 1 and September 1.

You must be eligible for the program on the date that your first new-to-FBA
ASIN is received at a fulfillment center in order for that ASIN to qualify for
the program’s free monthly storage, free liquidations, free return processing
benefits, and rebate for branded product sales.

**Important:** The sales rebate cannot be combined with other bonuses or
rebates offered by Amazon, unless indicated otherwise. For new brand owners,
the New Seller Incentives bonus will apply first. You can receive the New
Seller Incentives bonus for one year after eligibility is determined, or for
your first $1 million in branded sales, whichever comes first. After that, you
will qualify for the New Selection rebate.

The Vine discount cannot be combined with other Vine-related benefits, unless
otherwise noted. For new brand owners, the New Seller Incentives Vine benefit
(a $200 credit) will apply first. After that, you will qualify for the reduced
Vine enrollment fee offered through FBA New Selection.

Finally, the inbound placement service fee exemption cannot be combined with
other benefits for this particular fee, unless otherwise noted. For new
sellers, the New Seller Incentives benefit (a $400 credit) will apply first.
After that, you will qualify for the inbound placement service fee exemption
through FBA New Selection.

To learn more, go to [New Seller
Incentives](/help/hub/reference/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU).

## ASIN eligibility

Standard-size and non-standard size (including small, medium and large non-
standard size, but not special non-standard size) items are eligible for the
program. For more information, go to [Product size
tiers](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G201105770).

Parent ASINs must be new to FBA. For more information on parent ASINs, go to
[Variation
relationships](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/8831).

ASINs in Media categories and used items are not eligible. Media categories
are Books, DVDs, Music, Software & Computer/Video Games, Video's, Video Game
Consoles, and Video Game Accessories.

Only apparel and shoes ASINs are eligible for free return processing.

For the rebate specifically, unbranded child ASINs that are already seller-
fulfilled and have five or fewer unit sales per week (on a trailing four-week
average with a four-week window, with the evaluation window concluding one day
before the first inbound into FBA) won’t be eligible for the rebate if
introduced to FBA.

**Tip:** To see if your ASIN is new to FBA across Amazon's stores, go to [FBA
New Selection](/gc/fulfillment-by-amazon/new-selection) or use our [product
search tool](/gc/fulfilment-by-amazon/new-to-fbaproductsearch).

For more details, go to the program [terms and
conditions](/help/hub/reference/GNNBARVDT97NGLQ4) section.

## Frequently asked questions

#### How is my rebate calculated?

Enrolled sellers can earn a 10% rebate on average from their qualifying sales.
To estimate your rebate, multiply your qualifying sales by the minimum rebate
rate in the corresponding product category.

The rebate benefit is calculated based on the referral fees for each product
category. To determine the rebate, we calculate the referral fee percentage
per category that applies to each sale minus 5%. This results in a referral
fee of 5% for most product categories.

Based on this calculation, a rebate between 0% and 12% is applied to your
fulfillment fees the following month that it’s earned. The maximum rebate that
you can earn is 12%.

The rebate amount will be applied to your fulfillment fees on next month’s
fulfillment fees at the order level and any unused amount expires one year
after first applied to your account. When payments cover the entire
fulfillment fee on a given order, the rebate will be applied in the
background, and the fulfillment fee section will not be shown as a separate
line item in the transaction.

Your actual rebate rate may vary based on factors such as additional shipping
and gift-wrapping fees, which can vary between sellers.

#### Where can I track my benefits for the program?

After enrollment, you'll have access to the [FBA New Selection
dashboard](/fulfillment-by-amazon/new-selection/dashboard). The dashboard
shows your engagement with the program, including the benefits that you
receive and the ASINs that qualify.

#### How do liquidations work?

We send your inventory to wholesale liquidators, allowing you to recover
typically 5% to 10% of an item’s average selling price. Liquidating inventory
offers an alternative to having your inventory disposed of or returned to you.

While FBA New Selection only provides one free value-recovery option through
the program in the US, you can still remove inventory through other removal
channels, if preferred.

For eligible parent ASINs that fail to sell a single unit in the first 180
days, we’ll automatically liquidate this inventory for free.

For more information, or to opt out of automatic liquidation, go to [FBA
Liquidations](/gp/help/GYVCG5Q3BEJ6MLMF).

#### Am I limited to sending 100 or fewer units to fulfillment centers?

No, you can send in as many units as you like. However, only the first 100
units of each eligible standard-size ASIN, and the first 50 units of each
eligible non-standard size ASIN that are received at fulfillment centers will
qualify for the fee waivers.

#### Can I receive both the New Selection rebate and the New Seller Incentives
bonus?

For new brand owners, the New Seller Incentives bonus will apply first. You
can receive the New Seller Incentives bonus for one year after eligibility is
determined, or for your first $1 million in branded sales, whichever comes
first. Afterwards, you will qualify for the New Selection rebate.

