---
title: FBA Inventory overview
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GTMXYZN64UJL7TT6
section: General Documentation
---

Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) allows you to store your inventory in our
fulfillment centers, while we handle packing, shipping, and customer service.
The FBA Inventory tool can help to reduce the complexity of managing different
aspects of your FBA inventory.

The tool can help you maintain healthy inventory levels by allowing you to
plan for future demand, reduce excess or aged inventory, and fix stranded
inventory. It also allows you to monitor critical factors that affect your
sales performance, assess fees, optimize prices, and maintain a healthy
Inventory Performance Index (IPI) score by using your capacity at fulfillment
centers efficiently.

## Supported browsers

To ensure optimal performance and compatibility with the FBA Inventory tool,
we recommend using the latest version of Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
While other web browsers may be compatible, using Chrome or Firefox is the
best way to ensure that all features of the page function correctly. In
addition, using outdated or unsupported web browsers could result in slower
load times and display issues.

## Page-level features

FBA Inventory has a wide range of features and functionalities that are
designed to help you save time and effort in managing inventory. The following
are page-level features that are available to you:

**Navigation menu** : Located at the top of the page, the navigation menu
provides a quick and intuitive way to access various FBA pages, including the
FBA dashboard, Shipments, Opportunities, and Analytics.

**Learn more** : To access the help page for FBA Inventory, click **Learn
more** at the top of the page next to the page name.

**Rate this page** : Click **Rate this page** to offer feedback and ratings
for the FBA Inventory page.

**Banner** : Banners are used to announce significant changes or updates to
the page. To close the banner after reading the message, click the **x** at
the top-right corner.

**Search** : The search option lets you search for specific products using
identifiers such as ASIN, FNSKU, MSKU, UPC, and EAN with a minimum of four
characters. To cancel a search, click the **x** on the right-hand side of the
search bar.

**Download report** : Click **Download report** to go to the FBA Inventory
report page. You can either download an existing report or select **Request
.csv download** or **Request .txt download** to generate and download a new
report.

**Table preferences** : Click **Table preferences** to choose the columns to
view on the FBA Inventory table. You can choose multiple metrics for some
columns.

**Filters** : You can use multiple filters at once to group products with
similar inventory characteristics, such as inventory age, storage type, and
product condition. These filters can help make it easier to find similar
products, conduct detailed analysis, and take the recommended actions. The
filters that you selected will be displayed on the **Selected filters** row.
To clear them, click **Clear filters**.

**Total** : The **Total** field in the table provides information on the
overall quantity of SKUs listed throughout numerous table pages. In the
absence of any filters, this field denotes the aggregate quantity of active
and inactive FBA SKUs that exist.

**Bulk action** : The **Bulk action** button allows you to select multiple
SKUs at once and take action from any of the options presented in the bulk
action drop-down list.

**Sort** : Columns that can be sorted in ascending or descending order appear
in green. Click the column name to sort the column. Certain columns offer the
ability to sort based on various metrics presented within that column. To
select the metric for sorting, hover your cursor over the column, and the
column will be sorted automatically. Click the arrow to sort in ascending or
descending order. The columns that can’t be sorted appear in black.

**Recommended action** : The Amazon-recommended action for a product is shown
in the **Recommended action** column. Click the drop-down arrow next to the
recommended action to see the list of all available actions for the product.

**Results per page** : To adjust the number of products to be shown in the
default table view, use the **Results per page** drop-down list at the bottom
of the table. You can choose 10, 25, 50, 100, or 250 results per page. The
default is 50.

**Pagination** : Use the page numbers or arrows at the bottom of the table to
view the products that appear on the following pages.

**Help** : To access support, click **Help** at the top-right corner of the
page.

## Column and metric definitions

The FBA Inventory page offers a wide range of data to help you manage
different aspects of your FBA inventory effectively at the product level.
Certain columns contain multiple related metrics.

**Product details** : This column includes the product image, name,
identifiers, and condition:

  * **Product image** : The top image shown to customers on the Amazon store. To edit this image, select **Edit listing** from the **Recommended action** drop-down list for the product.
  * **Product name** : The name of the product shown to customers on the Amazon store. To edit this name, select **Edit listing** from the **Recommended action** drop-down list for the product.
  * **ASIN** : A unique, 10-character alphanumeric identifier assigned by Amazon. Each product, whether a “parent” or a “child” (variation), has its own ASIN. If you want data on a specific variation, use that variation’s ASIN. Generally, though, it’s best to use the ASIN for the parent product. To learn more, go to [ASIN creation policy](/gp/help/G201844590). 
  * **SKU** : A specific product identifier that you assign. To learn more, go to [What does “SKU” mean?](/gp/help/G34151)
  * **UPC or EAN** : A UPC is a standard product identifier to help you sell your product. An EAN is a type of product identifier used specifically for products in Amazon’s European stores. This product identifier is also referred to as an international article number. To learn more, go to [Find your product ID (GTIN)](/gp/help/G200211450). 
  * **Condition** : The condition of the product, such as new or refurbished. 
  * **AWD** : Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD) offers distribution and storage for eligible inventory. In this column, you can see whether a product is eligible. If a product is already part of the program, you can see whether the replenishment mode is automatic or manual. To learn more, go to [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/gp/help/GF6ZC8VEBM7HCEGV). 

**Status** : The store listing status of the product, such as active or
inactive (out of stock)

**Sales summary** : Historical sales information in currency and shipped units
for the past 30 or 90 days. Use **Table preferences** to choose the time
frame. Click **Details** to view sales and shipped units for the past seven,
30, 60, and 90 days.

  * **Shipped units** : The number of units that were used to fulfill customer orders
  * **Sales** : The total revenue generated by the sale of the shipped units 

**Sales rank** : Sales rank is calculated based on all-time sales of a
product, with recent sales given more weight than older sales. To learn more,
go to [Sales rank FAQ](/gp/help/G202059240).

**Sell-through** : The number of units that were sold and delivered over the
past 90 days divided by the average number of sellable units in fulfillment
centers during that time. To learn more, go to [IPI frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/ZJF4DY2W6MERBAL).

**Inventory overview** : A comprehensive view of your inventory distribution
across various states at FBA and Amazon Warehousing and Distribution. Click
**Details** to view a detailed breakdown of inventory. To sort the column,
hover your mouse on the column name and select the metric that you want.

  * **Total inventory supply for Amazon** : The sum of the total inventory supply for FBA and the total inventory supply for Amazon Warehousing and Distribution.
  * **FBA** :
    * **Total inventory supply for FBA** : The sum of FBA units in the following statuses: available, inbound, reserved, and unfulfillable.
    * **Available** : The number of sellable units that are in stock to fulfill orders, calculated in real time. Units that are pending removal are not included. 
    * **Inbound** : The number of units in open shipments (including AWD) that are in working, shipped, or receiving status
      * **Working** : Total units in all shipments to fulfillment centers with the status working or ready to ship
      * **Shipped** : Total units in all shipments to fulfillment centers with the status shipped, in-transit, delivered, or checked-in
      * **Receiving** : Total units in all shipments to fulfillment centers that are expected to be received. Once units are received, they move out of the inbound state and into the available or FC-transfer state.
    * **Reserved** : Inventory in reserved status might be tied to a customer order or set aside at a fulfillment center for additional processing.
      * **Customer order** : Units that are reserved to fulfill orders
      * **FC-transfer** : Units that are being transferred from one fulfillment center to another to place the inventory closer to customers. These units are available for purchase, but customers might be shown a future ship date. 

**Note:** Transfers may take up to 25 days to complete. In some cases,
transfers may take longer and investigation may be required (for example,
delays due to weather conditions).

      * **FC-processing** : Units that have been set aside at the fulfillment center for additional processing, such as verification of item dimensions and weight, pending investigations, or pending removal orders. To learn more, go to [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/G200280650). 
    * **Unfulfillable** : The number of units in stock that are not in a condition to sell or fulfill
      * **Defective** : Inventory that does not look or function as described in the listing but is not visibly damaged, such as a recalled product 
      * **Customer damaged** : Inventory that a buyer reported as damaged after the sale
      * **Distributor damaged** : Inventory that was damaged by the seller, vendor, or distributor during receiving
      * **Warehouse damaged** : Inventory that was damaged at a fulfillment center
      * **Carrier damaged** : Inventory that was damaged by a carrier during receiving, while in transit to the buyer, or while in transit back to Amazon due to a return
      * **Expired** : Inventory that has passed its expiration date
  * **Amazon Warehousing and Distribution** :
    * **Total inventory supply for AWD** : The sum of units at Amazon Warehousing and Distribution in available and inbound status
    * **On-hand** : The AWD on-hand is total number of units available or reserved or in researching state within the distribution centers.
    * **Available** : The number of units that have been received and are in storage with Amazon Warehousing and Distribution. Shipments from the distribution center to fulfillment centers can be created against them.
    * **Inbound** : Total units for which a shipment to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution has been created through the receiving stage 
      * **Created** : The number of units for which shipments have been created
      * **In-transit** : The number of units that are on their way to the distribution center
      * **Delivered** : The number of units that are being received at the distribution center
      * **Receiving** : The number of units that are being unloaded from the shipment. Once units are received, they move out of the inbound state and into the available state.
    * **AWD to FBA transfers** : The number of units for which a shipment to fulfillment centers has been created, through the received into FBA stage

**Inventory health status and recommendation** : The inventory health status
based on evaluating the sellable on-hand quantity versus the recommended
minimum level and estimated excess units. To learn more, go to [Minimum
inventory level overview](/gp/help/G9BYNYF4FAXXBPJZ).

  * **On-hand** : The number of sellable units that are in stock or in transit within the fulfillment network
  * **Recommended minimum level** : The Amazon-recommended minimum quantity of sellable units to be maintained in the fulfillment network before your next shipment arrives
  * **Total lead time** : The time between when you create a shipment to Amazon and when that shipment is received. Accurate information about lead times is important in generating accurate recommendations. You can review and update the lead time for a product on the Customize SKU Settings page. To get to the settings page, click **Total lead time** or select **Customize SKU settings** from the **Recommended action** drop-down list. 
  * **Replenishment frequency** : How often you send inventory for this product to Amazon

**Low-inventory-level fee** : The number of units subject to a fee because of
consistently low inventory relative to customer demand. To learn more, go to
[Low-inventory-level fee](/gp/help/GV43F6S76Y9DHYRH).

**Days of supply** : The estimated number of days that your current inventory
supply will last based on the projected demand for your product

**Total days of supply** : The estimated number of days that your current and
incoming inventory will last based on the projected demand for your products.
It accounts for your inventory at Amazon in the following statuses: available,
reserved, customer orders, FC-processing, and FC-transfer. It also accounts
for incoming inventory in the following statuses: working, in-transit, and
receiving.

**Inventory age** : The age of your in-stock units calculated by adding the
available and reserved units and subtracting units that are pending removal.

**Important:** Inventory age is captured daily, whereas available units are
captured in real time, which may cause a temporary mismatch between the two.
To see when the inventory age was last updated, hover your mouse over
**Details**.

**Estimated aged inventory surcharge** : The estimated number of units that
will be subject to the aged inventory surcharge on the next charge date,
assuming no further sales. For more information, go to [Aged inventory
surcharge](/gp/help/GJQNPA23YWVA4SBD).

**Estimated storage cost** : The approximate amount of fees that you would
incur 30 days from today, based on your current sales rate. This rolling
estimate reflects the monthly storage fee and storage utilization surcharge
plus the estimated aged inventory surcharge.

**Storage volume** : The total amount of storage used for this product in our
fulfillment centers minus inventory that is pending removal

**Estimated fee per unit sold** : A preview of the core fees for selling on
Amazon and FBA when a unit of a specific SKU is sold. The fees shown are based
on the list price, estimated shipping cost (where applicable), and available
data for the product in our system. The value is only an estimate and doesn’t
include optional fees. Your actual costs may vary. For more information, go to
[Estimated fee per unit sold](/gp/help/G200680700).

**Your price** : Your listing price

**No sale in last six months** : An alert to inform you about units that
haven’t sold in six or more consecutive months and that have been in
fulfillment centers for more than 180 days. If you’ve opted in to automated
fulfillable inventory removals, these units will be removed automatically
during the next removal cycle.

**Featured Offer price** : The **Featured Offer** is the offer near the top of
a product detail page, which customers can buy now or add to their shopping
carts. To learn more, go to [Featured Offer](/gp/help/G37911).

**Recommended action** : The top action for each product is an Amazon-
generated recommendation. Click the arrow for a drop-down list of all
available actions. Hover your mouse over the column name to sort the column by
estimated excess units (default), recommended time to send in more inventory,
or recommended shipment quantity.

The estimated excess units are units that will likely cost you more to keep in
stock and pay storage costs than to reduce by advertising, liquidating, or
removing. The top action is the one that we believe has the highest
probability of improving sell-through for your product.

The restock recommendations can help you avoid running low on stock and are
based on current inventory levels, forecasted demand, open shipments, and your
lead time. For more information, go to [Customize SKU
settings](/gp/help/G455QMHQTVD5XW6P).

## Actions

**Send to FBA** : Begin the Send to Amazon workflow to send inventory to FBA.

**Send to AWD** : Create a shipment to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution.

**Move from AWD** : Move inventory from a distribution center to a fulfillment
center in automated or manual replenishment mode.

**Fix replenishment error** : Resolve a SKU error to reactivate automated or
manual replenishment from Amazon Warehousing and Distribution.

**Create Outlet deal** : Create a deal for overstock or clearance products. To
learn more, go to [Amazon Outlet](/gp/help/GHLYT4TPVCY2MJE3).

**Create sale** : Set the price and list the product for a sale on the Amazon
store.

**Edit listing** : Go to the offer details page to fix fields that are flagged
with the (!) icon.

**Go to Fix Stranded Inventory** : View the reason for inventory being
stranded and actions to resolve issues with stranded inventory. To learn more,
go to [Stranded inventory overview](/gp/help/G201436600).

**Customize SKU settings** : Fine-tune the inventory recommendations that you
receive by providing or adjusting SKU details. To learn more, go to [Customize
SKU settings](/gp/help/G455QMHQTVD5XW6P).

**Set replenishment alerts** : Set, edit, or delete replenishment alerts for
your items. To learn more, go to [Replenishment alerts](/gp/help/G200285580).

**Print item labels** : Print labels for individual products. To learn more,
go to [Use Amazon barcodes to track inventory](/gp/help/200141490).

**SKU performance** : View details for a product’s performance, such as
historical sales and net proceeds.

**Create removal order** : Remove inventory or view the automatic removal
settings for a product.

**Lower price** : Reduce the price of products that have a low conversion
rate.

**Create a Sponsored Products ad** : Increase visibility and drive product
sales with Sponsored Products cost-per-click ads in highly visible places such
as search results and product pages.

**Improve keywords** : Improve the keywords on the product details page to
optimize how your product appears in searches.

**Create MCF fulfillment order** : Use your FBA inventory to fulfill orders
from anywhere they are placed, including your own website or another
e-commerce channel.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What is FBA recommended minimum inventory level?

Minimum inventory level is a metric that helps you plan your FBA inventory
replenishments and maintain sufficient inventory to increase delivery speeds
and improve customer experience. It’s the minimum amount of FBA sellable
inventory units that we recommend you maintain within the Amazon fulfillment
network before your next incoming shipment arrives. Access this information on
the [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) dashboard or
download the [FBA inventory report](/reportcentral/MANAGE_INVENTORY_HEALTH/1).

#### What does it mean when we categorize SKUs as “out of stock,” “low stock,”
“healthy,” or “excess”?

We assign each SKU to one of four inventory-status categories. These
categories are specific to inventory within Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) and
Amazon Warehouse and Distribution (AWD):

FBA:

  * Out of stock: Your sellable on-hand inventory is at zero.
  * Low stock: Your sellable on-hand inventory has fallen below the minimum inventory level.
  * Excess: You have an opportunity to improve your sell-through rate or reduce unnecessary storage costs by reducing excess on hand inventory.
  * Healthy: Your sellable on-hand inventory is at the optimal level, neither below the minimum inventory level nor having excessive units.

AWD:

  * Out of Stock: Currently there is no inventory for the FNSKU at AWD.
  * Low Stock: The inventory is below the optimal level for the FNSKU at AWD. It's recommended to create shipments to AWD in order to avoid going out of stock.

**Important:** Although inventory health status might be “Low Stock,”
“Healthy,” or “Excess,” the product listing could be in “Stranded” state.
Please follow the recommended action to resolve the stranded inventory issue.

#### What units are shown in the Inventory age column view?

The **Inventory age** column includes available plus reserved units minus
units that are pending removal or liquidation.

#### What is the estimated aged inventory surcharge?

Inventory that has been in a fulfillment center for 181 days or more is
subject to the aged inventory surcharge. The fee is assessed on the 15th day
of each month. **Inventory age** shows the number of units that would be
subject to the aged inventory surcharge and the estimated fee amount as of the
next charge date, assuming no further sales. For more information, go to [Aged
inventory surcharge](/gp/help/GJQNPA23YWVA4SBD).

#### Why are my sales summary amounts and units different from my sales on the
Order Detail page?

FBA Inventory shows sales shipped, and the Order Detail page shows sales
ordered. FBA Inventory sales and unit data rely on sources that cause a one-
day delay, whereas Order Detail data is in real time.

#### Why is my total storage volume by storage type in the Inventory Age
report different from my storage volume in my Capacity Monitor?

Storage volume in the Inventory Age report equals the available inventory. The
Storage volume (that is, Storage-type usage) shown on your Capacity Monitor
equals the available inventory plus unfulfillable and reserved units, minus
the units that are pending removal or liquidation.

#### What is Inventory Performance Index (IPI)?

The Inventory Performance Index (IPI) is a metric to gauge your inventory
performance over time. The IPI score measures how efficient and productive you
are in managing your FBA inventory. Multiple factors could influence your IPI
score; however, the following are the most important ones:

  * Maintain a balanced inventory level between sold and on-hand inventory, and avoid excess and aged inventory.
  * Avoid long-term storage fees.
  * Fix listing problems.
  * Keep your most popular products in stock at the right levels, when possible, to meet customer demand and maximize customer satisfaction.

For more information, go to [IPI frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GZJF4DY2W6MERBAL).

#### How to customize the page?

Select **Table preferences** to choose the column to view on the FBA Inventory
page table. Some columns include multiple metrics and offer an option to
select between multiple metrics to view within each column.

#### Why is my inventory categorized as excess?

Estimated excess are units that we forecast and will likely cost you more to
keep in stock as part of storage cost. The top action is the Amazon
recommended option that has the highest probability of improving sell-through
of your product.

