---
title: FBA Grade and Resell terms and conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPNQFGFCRUJQ2EY4
section: General Documentation
---

These terms and conditions supplement the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) and govern your participation in the FBA Grade and
Resell program (the "Program").

**1\. Product enrollment**

You will enroll in the Program only products that meet the eligibility
requirements described in the Product eligibility section of the [Program Help
page](/gp/help/GUA6RV6UA4DR2MFK) (enrolled, eligible products, hereinafter
"Program Products”). Amazon may decline or cancel the enrollment of any
product in the Program at any time, for any reason. After you enroll products
in the Program and the products are graded, you may withdraw your graded
products from the Program at any time.

**2\. Resale listings, return processing, and removal**

For each Program Product, Amazon will automatically generate a new resale
listing for each item graded as “Used – Like New,” “Used – Very Good,” “Used –
Good,” and “Used – Acceptable” based on Amazon’s [condition
guidelines](/gp/help/200339950). You can view these resale listings in [Manage
Inventory](/inventory). Items that do not meet these guidelines are unsellable
as used and will remain in your inventory as Unfulfillable.

The initial price for each resale listing of a Program Product will be a
percentage of the listing price (at the time of grading completion) for a new
unit of that product. The percentage discount of new price for each listing
will be the percentage in your Grade and Resell Price Settings corresponding
to the listing condition at the time your items are graded. You may change
these percentage discounts in Grade and Resell Settings in the [removal order
workflow](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/recoveryui/removal-order/create).

If a customer returns a unit of one of your Program Products to an Amazon
facility, in accordance with the [FBA customer returns
policy](/gp/help/200379860), Amazon will assign to that unit the condition
described in the [condition guidelines](/gp/help/200339950) that most closely
matches the condition of that unit. If that unit is in a sellable condition,
Amazon will add that unit to the sellable inventory of your resale listing
corresponding to the condition assigned to that unit. If you resell a returned
unit, your available inventory for the resale listing corresponding to that
condition will be reduced by one unit. For example, if a customer returns a
unit of one of your Program Products in “Like New” condition, Amazon will add
that unit to the inventory available for sale under your “Like New” resale
listing for that product. If you resell that unit, Amazon will deduct one unit
from your “Like New” inventory of that product and credit you for the sale
(minus applicable fees).

If a unit of one of your Program Products is returned to Amazon in a condition
that is unsellable as used, we will add it to your Unfulfillable inventory and
notify you of the same. Within 30 days of receiving that notice, you will
submit to Amazon a removal order for that unit requesting that it be delivered
to your designated removal address, liquidated by Amazon (if eligible), or
disposed by Amazon within 30 days.

**3\. Fees**

Selling on Amazon fees and Fulfilment by Amazon fees (including storage and
removal fees) apply to all products you resell through the Program. In
addition, you will pay the Program fees specified in the Fees section of the
[Program Help page](/gp/help/GUA6RV6UA4DR2MFK).

Last updated on June 30, 2020

