---
title: FBA customer returns policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200379860
section: General Documentation
---

With FBA, Amazon provides fulfillment and customer service for your orders,
including processing customer returns. We use [Amazon's customer returns
policies](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=15015721)
to determine if a purchased FBA item is eligible for return. To ensure a great
customer experience, we may accept returns beyond the timeframe stated in
these policies.

## Refunds

A refund is a customer credit for all or part of the cost of a purchased item.
In some cases, we issue customers a “returnless refund.” This means that the
customer is not required to send the item back to the fulfillment center. Some
items that are [not eligible for
return](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201819190)
may be eligible for a refund.

## Returns

A return is an item a customer sends back to a fulfillment center. We evaluate
the condition of each returned item. If we determine that the item is
sellable, we return it to your inventory. If we determine that it is
unsellable (defective or damaged, for example), we assess who caused the
damage. Then we decide if you are eligible for a reimbursement.

A returned item is classified as unsellable for the following reasons:

  * The item is not in the same condition as previously listed.
  * It is defective, damaged, opened, lacking required labeling, prohibited, or otherwise unsuitable.
  * The item may pose a health or safety risk to our associates, or to the next customer who buys it. Examples of these items may include, but are not restricted to, consumables, personal care products, and products with expiration dates.

If a returned product has non-volatile internal memory (for example, a digital
camera) and there is evidence of use, we mark it as unfulfillable. If such
items are returned, you must clear the memory of the device.

For returned items that you ask us to send to you, you can use the LPN label
on a returned item to find information using the [FBA Customer Returns
report](/reportcentral/CUSTOMER_RETURNS/0). If you use the manufacturer
barcode to track your inventory, this information may not be available.

For items in your inventory categorized as **Defective** or **Customer
Damaged** , you must submit a removal order within 30 days after the returned
item arrives at the fulfillment center. You can also request that we return or
dispose of your unsellable inventory automatically . For more information, go
to [Remove inventory (overview)](/gp/help/G200280650).

#### Returns time frame

In most cases, customers can request to return an item within 30 days of
receiving it. Amazon may make case-by-case exceptions and accept return
requests beyond 30 days of receipt.

#### Extended returns timeframe

Amazon’s returns policy allows customers to return eligible FBA baby items in
new, unopened condition without charge if they return the items within 90 days
of receiving them. Amazon pays for the return shipping at no cost to you. This
policy does not apply to Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) orders.

Customers can return eligible items shipped during November and December until
the end of January. For more information, go to [Extended holiday returns
policy](/gp/help/G201725760).

## Reimbursements

When Amazon refunds a customer for your FBA order, we debit your seller
account for all or part of the refund value. For more information about
reimbursements related to customer returns, go to [FBA inventory reimbursement
policy: Customer return claims](/gp/help/G9N934L7Y4SFWPJ4).

#### Selling on Amazon and FBA fees

FBA credits your account for all or part of the Selling on Amazon referral fee
and, where applicable, the variable closing fee for a returned item. We do not
reimburse you for applicable FBA fees. For more information, go to [Selling on
Amazon fee schedule](/gp/help/200336920).

#### Restocking fee

In some cases, such as when a returned item has been opened, we may charge the
customer a restocking fee. In this situation, your account is credited in the
amount of the restocking fee. However, you do not receive a restocking fee
credit if we take responsibility for the condition of the returned item and
have issued you a reimbursement.

#### Returns processing fee

Returns processing fees are charged for each item returned in the Apparel and
Shoes categories. We do not charge returns processing fees for items returned
in Watches, Jewelry, Luggage, and Handbags & Sunglasses. For more information,
go to [Returns processing fee](/gp/help/G64LS955WNFT6EDP).

## Replacements

Amazon may also issue replacements to customers returning FBA items. If we do,
Amazon will ship a new item from your inventory free of charge to a customer.
Note that:

  * As a seller, you will not be charged fees or receive payment for a replacement order.
  * Your payment and fees from the sale of the original item are unaffected by a replacement order.
  * Customers can request a replacement only if the same item from your inventory is available.
  * Customers must return the item that is being replaced.

For information about your replacement orders, go to your [Replacements
report](/reportcentral/REPLACEMENT/0).

**Important:** The eligibility policy for returns that is listed above also
applies to replacement orders for FBA items.

