---
title: Featured Offer eligibility
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200418100
section: General Documentation
---

##  Featured Offer

The Featured Offer is an offer for new products that we display on a product
detail page with an **Add to Cart** button that customers can use to add items
to their shopping carts. When one of your items appears in this way on a
product detail page, we call it the Featured Offer.

There are two steps to selecting offers to feature. First, we determine which
items are eligible to be featured based on criteria that are designed to give
customers a great shopping experience. Second, we select compelling offers to
feature from among this pool of eligible offers.

This help topic deals with that first step, eligibility. Becoming eligible for
the Featured Offer doesn't guarantee that you will get featured. However,
there are a few things that you can do to increase your chances. For more
information, go to [Become the Featured Offer](/gp/help/201687550).

To learn more about Featured Offer eligibility and strategies, watch the below
video.

## Featured Offer percentage calculation

The Featured Offer percentage is calculated as the total page views in which
you are the Featured Offer divided by the total page views received by
products you list. Only active items are considered. You will see ‘—‘ if we
are unable to calculate your Featured Offer percentage.

##  Eligibility criteria

Your offers are eligible for the Featured Offer if you have a Professional
selling account. [Check your current account type](/gp/help/201747610) if
you’re not sure and upgrade if required. To ensure that customers have a great
shopping experience and to guard against abuse, we remove eligibility based on
account performance and other risk factors.

  

## Products eligibility for Featured Offer

To find out if any of your items are eligible for the Featured Offer:  

  1. First, ensure seller eligibility (see above).
  2. In Seller Central, go to [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory) page and then click **Preferences**.
  3. Select **Featured Offer eligible** and, at the bottom of the page, click **Save changes**.

The **Featured Offer eligible** column will display the status for each of
your ASINs.

## Check if you are the Featured Offer

You can check if you are the Featured Offer by visiting the product detail
page of your ASIN. The Featured Offer is an offer for new products that we
display on a product detail page. It has an **Add to Cart** button that
customers can use to add items to their shopping carts. When one of your
products appears in this way on a product page, you are the Featured Offer. If
your Brand/Seller name shows up in the "Other Sellers" section of the detail
page, you are not the Featured Offer.

**Note:** A Featured Offer is at the ASIN level. It is possible that if you
have multiple variations for the same product, you may be the Featured Offer
for some of them and not the others. This is because each variation is a
separate ASIN.

## See also:

[Become the Featured Offer](/gp/help/G201687550)

