---
title: Federal Emissions – Products requiring EPA Certificate of Conformity
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKJXWS7VY64WZZ7K
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you offer products for sale on Amazon, you must comply with
all federal, state, and other laws and Amazon policies applicable to those
products and product listings.

In the United States, the Clean Air Act requires that, before being introduced
into commerce or imported into the United States, the manufacturer or importer
of fuel-powered engines (including engines that are components of other
products) and fuel-powered and electric-powered vehicles obtain a US
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Certificate of Conformity (COC),
demonstrating compliance with federal emissions requirements. It is your
responsibility to determine if any products that you list on Amazon require an
EPA COC.

## Examples of products requiring an EPA COC

Products requiring an EPA COC include the following:

  * Fuel-powered engines
  * Fuel-powered lawn mowers, leaf blowers, chainsaws, wood chippers, other tools
  * Fuel-powered generators
  * Fuel-powered marine motors and outboard motor engines 
  * Fuel-powered motorized bicycle engine kits
  * Fuel-powered off-highway motorcycles, all-terrain vehicles (ATVs), off-road utility vehicles
  * Fuel-powered and electric-powered highway motorcycles

For information on EPA COC certification procedures, go to
<https://www.epa.gov/ve-certification>.

## Compliance for listings requiring an EPA COC

To list a product in Amazon’s online store requiring an EPA COC, you must
submit the valid EPA COC number issued to the product (or to its component
engine). If a valid EPA COC number is not provided, the listing may be removed
until a valid EPA COC number is provided. **If you do not have the EPA COC
number, then contact the product manufacturer or importer to obtain the EPA
COC number.**

In lieu of an EPA COC, we will also accept a valid California Air Resources
Board Executive Order (CARB EO) number demonstrating compliance with
California emissions requirements. For information on CARB EO and instructions
on how to submit a CARB EO number, go to our [CARB help
page](/gp/help/external/G202082160).

## Steps to submit EPA COC numbers

To submit an EPA COC number for a **single product** , complete the following
steps:  

  1. If you do not have the EPA COC number then contact the product manufacturer or importer to obtain the EPA COC number.
  2. Sign in to Seller Central.
  3. Go to the **Inventory** tab and select **Manage Inventory**.
  4. Find the listing you want to edit, and select **Edit** from the drop-down menu for that listing.
  5. In the new tab that pops up, navigate to the **Safety & Compliance** tab.
  6. Scroll down to **Compliance Regulation Type** and select **EPA Certificate of Conformity (CoC)**.
  7. In the **Regulatory Identification** box enter the EPA COC number as it appears on the COC document. Include dashes and periods as present in the COC number. Examples of EPA COC numbers include NCEXL0275AAH-008, CJDXL02.4074-026, DY9XL16.4CAA-002-R01, MBCXX.976CHF-005-R02.
  8. Click **Save and Finish**.

To submit EPA COC numbers for **multiple products** , complete the following
steps:

**Note:** This feature is only available to sellers with [Professional Selling
Plans](/gp/help/external/G64491).

  

  1. If you do not have the EPA COC number then contact the product manufacturer or importer to obtain the EPA COC numbers.
  2. Sign in to Seller Central.
  3. Go to the **Catalog** tab and select **Add Products via Upload**.
  4. Click the **Download an Inventory File** tab.
  5. Under **Step 1: Select the types of products you want to sell** enter in the “Search tool” box the products for which you want to search and click **Search**.
  6. Click **Select** to add the desired product categories to the Inventory File template.
  7. Under **Step 2: Select the type of template** , select **Custom Mode** , and select the **Basic** and **Compliance** attributes from the available Attribute Groups options. 
  8. Click **Add to Selected Attribute Groups**.
  9. Click **Generate Template**. This will generate an Excel spreadsheet.
  10. Open the Excel spreadsheet. In the **Template** tab, enter the SKUs that need to be updated in the **Seller SKU** column.
  11. Select **partial_update** from the drop-down options in the **update_delete** column.
  12. Navigate to the **Safety &** **Compliance** section and select **EPA Certificate of Compliance (COC)** from the drop-down list under Compliance regulation. 
  13. Enter the EPA COC number in the **regulatory identification** column. Include dashes and periods as present in the COC number. Examples of EPA COC numbers include NCEXL0275AAH-008, CJDXL02.4074-026, DY9XL16.4CAA-002-R01, MBCXX.976CHF-005-R02.
  14. After you build your inventory file, save the file either as tab-delimited text (.txt) or Excel (.xls) format.
  15. Go to the **Inventory** tab, select [**Add Products via Upload**](/listing/download?ref), and click the **Upload your Inventory File** tab.
  16. Complete the fields in the **Upload File** section and click **Upload**.
  17. Click the **Monitor Upload Status** tab. The date, time, batch ID, status, and results of your most recent upload are displayed here.
  18. Click **Download your Processing Report** to review the Processing Report after each upload. If your processing report shows errors, modify your inventory file and upload the file again.

## What if I believe my listing does not require an EPA COC?

If you believe that your listing is incorrectly identified as requiring an EPA
COC, please contact us at [rpsa-sim@amazon.com](mailto:rpsa-sim@amazon.com).

## Additional information

  * [Restricted Products](/gp/help/external/200164330)
  * [Clean Air Act – Overview](https://www.epa.gov/clean-air-act-overview)
  * [EPA – Certification and Compliance for Vehicles and Engines](https://www.epa.gov/ve-certification)
  * [California Air Resources Board (CARB)](/gp/help/external/G202082160)

Last updated August 4, 2022

