---
title: Floor Loading Policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200978440
section: General Documentation
---

While it is one of the most labor-intensive types of loading, you may not be
able to avoid Floor Loading your products when shipping Less than Truckload
(LTL), Full Truckload (FTL), or Full Container Load (FCL) deliveries to Amazon
fulfillment centers.  
  
When loading packed products directly on the floor, rather than using pallets
or other containers, it takes longer for the fulfillment centers to process,
which may impact your products availability for sale on Amazon and unload
times. Carriers may also apply additional charges if your shipments require
extensive handling.

**Important:** Failure to comply with FBA product preparation requirements,
safety requirements, and product restrictions may result in the refusal of
inventory at the Amazon fulfillment center, disposal or return of inventory,
blocking of future shipments to the fulfillment center, or charging for
preparation or for noncompliance at the fulfillment center. Please share these
requirements with your carrier or vendor to ensure that they fully understand
these requirements.

## Floor loading requirements

Palletize all shipments as much as possible to ensure earlier delivery
appointments. Floor-loaded shipments requiring extensive handling may be
refused for safety reasons (i.e. boxes greater than 50.0 pounds). By
definition, Amazon considers floor loading to be loose, stacked boxes, which
are under 50.0 pounds in weight that will be unloaded by hand. Any additional
charges assessed by your carrier would vary based on the extra time and labor
required, which can vary significantly from shipment to shipment.

You must inform your carrier that floor-loaded shipments are only accepted
when they identify them on [Carrier
Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/) (sign-in required) in the
Appointment Information Section by selecting **Load Type** > **Floor Loaded**.

**Note:** Each box you ship to an Amazon fulfillment center, including units
sent in a manufacturer box, must be properly identified with a shipment ID
label. For more information, see [Shipment label
requirements](/gp/help/200178470).

Follow these requirements while readying the floor-loaded shipment:

  * Stack boxes into columns in an alternating pattern to provide stability.
  * Boxes must not be bundled together with any kind of straps, zip ties, tape, etc.
  * Maintain at least 3 inches between column stacks and container walls.
  * Stack boxes no higher than 72 inches, unless they conform to the clamp truck instructions below.
  * Allow for at least 8 inches of clearance from the last row of boxes to container doors to engage a dock leveler.
  * Make sure that the overall height of the column stack allows 6 inches of clearance from the top of the stack to the roof of the container.
  * Products exceeding 48 inches in length must be loaded along the length of the container or trailer.

**Important:** Non-palletized (floor-loaded) products that arrive at Amazon
fulfillment centers on a trailer with uneven or corrugated floors will be
refused.

##  Load quality requirements

  

  1. All shipments should be properly secured using load bars/straps. It is the shipper's and the carrier's responsibility to ensure that shipments are loaded into a trailer in a manner that prevents the load from shifting during transit. When using Intermodal transportation (COFC), always use a load strap, never a load bar to secure loads.
  2. Floor-loaded freight should only be loaded into containers that are at least 8 feet tall and make sure that the overall height of the carton stack allows 6 inches of clearance from the top of the stack to the roof of the container.
  3. Ensure that all boxes (regardless of weight) comply with the clamp truck instructions listed below.

![Example of a correctly staged floor loaded shipment ](https://images-na.ssl-
images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/support_images/GUID-77925BF5-E7B6-48E6-A13F-5CA8E28B0011_en-
US.jpg)

![Example of an incorrectly staged floor loaded shipment ](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/FBA/Inbound/FloorLoading_IncorrectlyStagedShipment_example1.png)  

**Important:** If the load quality does not meet Floor Loading policy, your
shipment may take longer to receive and you may be contacted about your
shipment. Load quality issues may result in charges for unplanned services or
refusal of shipments.

##  Clamp Truck Guidelines

Any floor-loaded trailer must be categorized as being "clampable" or "non-
clampable." If freight is described as clampable, it must be able to be
completely unloaded from a trailer using a clamp attachment to a powered
industrial machine for lift. These are forklifts with hydraulic attachments
that open and close around a load to squeeze and pick it up. If freight is
described as non-clampable, it can only be unloaded from a trailer by hand.
"Clampable" or "non-clampable" freight must meet the following.

  * When loading the trailer, maintain at least 3 inches between stacks, and between stacks and container walls.
  * Make sure that the overall height of stack allows 6 inches of clearance from the top of the stack to the roof of the container.
  * Arrange each tier to be uniform and aligned relative to the other tiers on the footprint so that all four sides of the freight stack can be safely accessed and "squeezed" by a clamp truck. Tier heights may vary.
  * The product must also be oriented in such a manner that it can be clamped without having to rearrange the load.
  * Use spacers between stacks to prevent them from shifting during transit. All shipments should be properly secured using load bars/straps. It is the shipper's and carrier's responsibility to ensure that shipments are loaded into the trailer in a manner that prevents the load from shifting during transit.
  * Air pillows, diamond corrugate shims, or dunnage must be used for stability and to maintain the separation between stacks during transit.
  * Boxes that are considered clampable must be a minimum of 24 inches in width and no longer than 72 inches to be able to accommodate min and max clamp truck restrictions. Clampable boxes must not be forced into a trailer during the load process.
  * Products must be shrink-wrapped together to prevent insecure loading.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/FBA/Inbound/FloorLoading_DiamondCorrugateShims_example.png)  

##  Slip sheet guidelines

When slip sheets are used instead of pallets, be sure to follow these
instructions:

  * Insert slip sheets between the floor and product, as well as between layers. The overall height of the stack should allow 6 inches of clearance from the top of the stack to the roof of the container.
  * Use only slip sheets of industry-standard pallet size (40 x 48 inches).
  * Products exceeding 48 inches in length must be loaded along the length of the container or trailer. 

## Related guidelines

  * For additional actions required for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries, be sure to review the [Seller requirements](/gp/help/200978400) and [Carrier requirements](/gp/help/200978420). 
  * For weight, dimension, and shipment packing requirements, review the [Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/200141510).
  * For smaller shipments, go to [Small parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/200280260). 

