---
title: Free returns on Fashion items for seller-fulfilled orders
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GEKBRFKQE38CQA6V
section: General Documentation
---

This page will help you understand our [Return Policies](/gp/help/G69126) on
Fashion items for seller-fulfilled orders. Selling Partners are required to
have return policies that are at least as favorable as the Amazon return
policies and for Fashion items to follow Amazon’s [Free Returns on Fashion
Items](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GKUY8GVEZ5DZ89QR)
policy.

Therefore, Selling Partners who sell Fashion items are required to offer free
returns. Starting October 26, 2021, you will no longer be able to deduct the
return shipping fee for **Fashion items** listed under Apparel, Shoes,
Jewelry, and Watches sold in Amazon’s online store and shipped to a US
address.

The following information will help with the specific details on free seller-
fulfilled returns on Fashion items. If you have any additional questions, you
can contact [Selling Partner Support](/help/hub/support).

#### What will change in terms of return management on seller-fulfilled
fashion orders?

All customer initiated returns requested through the Online Return Center
(ORC) that fall within the scope of the [Amazon Return
policy](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-1?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201819200&qid=1589958582&sr=1-1)
will be automatically authorized, and customers will receive a tracked Prepaid
Return Label (domestic only) issued through Buy Shipping Services on your
behalf. We will charge your seller account for the cost of the return shipping
label once the buyer ships the product. For more information, see [Prepaid
returns for seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G202072200). If you don't have a
return address in the US, see **What if I don't have a return address in the
US?** listed below.

#### What will change in terms of refund management on seller-fulfilled
fashion orders?

For Fashion items, return label costs need to be borne by you, and you will no
longer be able to deduct the return shipping fee for prepaid labels based for
in policy returns starting October 26.

#### What are the return shipping costs?

You will benefit from Amazon-negotiated rates with integrated carriers within
Buy Shipping Services (USPS and UPS). We calculate rates based on product size
and weight. For more details, see [Shipping Costs for seller-fulfilled
returns](/gp/help/G202103400).

#### Which products count as Fashion items?

All products listed under Apparel, Shoes, Handbags, Jewelry, and Watches are
considered for the purpose of this policy.

#### How are “free returns” displayed towards the customer?

We will display a **free returns** message on the product detail page on
Fashion items, enabling customers to easily identify Fashion items that fall
under our free return policy.

#### What if I don't have a return address in the US?

If you don't have a return address in the US, Amazon will not issue prepaid
return labels through Buy Shipping Services as integrated carriers only
support returns within the US. Instead, you can choose one of the following
options:

  * You can provide pre-paid return shipping labels for your international return address, for which you will not be able to deduct return shipping fees from the refund.
  * You can issue a [returnless refund](/gp/help/G202174940).

#### What if I sell Fashion items that have been customized and sold to
customers?

If you are registered with Amazon Custom and allow customers to personalize or
customize a Fashion item that you sell, your customized Fashion items are
subject to our [Customized Products return
policy](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=sxts_snpl_5_2_6fd9f164-fecc-4e0d-a639-d4c765a01a32?pf_rd_p=f5885e5b-0700-4a62-bbef-e2beaff7e7ab&pf_rd_r=JG1Q4Y8FN473H7N93E7K&pd_rd_wg=osE2O&pd_rd_w=RYvzf&nodeId=15015721&qid=1635455910&pd_rd_r=f62d8090-4943-431a-9555-3289131391cc&ref=sxts_aspa_qna&c_c=-313075815#GUID-D26A35E8-EE23-4B88-8B62-B357ABA6DDEE__SECTION_7BE6633457F84D2899EA9382B2E8777F)
and not the Fashion return policy.

