---
title: Frequently Asked Questions on New Zealand's Low Value Goods GST
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GS32CZNKVHWPXCN8
section: General Documentation
---

#### What is New Zealand’s Low Value Goods GST law?

On December 1, 2019, New Zealand implemented legislation to impose Goods and
Services Tax (GST) on the sale of items that have a customs value of $1,000
NZD or less (Low Value Goods or LVG) sold by a seller with a place of
establishment outside of New Zealand to customers in New Zealand. Based on
this, Amazon is required to calculate, collect and remit 15% GST on LVG sold
on Amazon.com by sellers with a place of establishment outside of New Zealand
and shipped to a New Zealand address.

#### How does New Zealand’s Low Value Goods GST affect my Selling on Amazon
account?

Beginning December 1, 2019, Amazon will automatically calculate, collect, and
remit GST at the rate of 15% on items classified as LVG for New Zealand GST
purposes. The GST will be added to the price and delivery charges that you
have set in Seller Central.

**Note:** This law will not impact items that have a customs value greater
than $1,000 NZD.

#### Am I responsible for collecting and remitting Low Value Goods GST to New
Zealand?

If your merchant business address in Seller Central is not in New Zealand,
Amazon will calculate, collect and remit the GST on LVG directly to the New
Zealand Inland Revenue Department (IRD).

If your merchant business address in Seller Central is in New Zealand, you
remain responsible for collecting and remitting applicable GST on items you
sell on Amazon.com that you ship to/within New Zealand. Please seek individual
tax advice if you are unclear about your obligations.

#### How do I ensure the items I sell on Amazon.com reach the customer in New
Zealand?

Amazon fulfilled packages already have the necessary information to clear New
Zealand customs, and you do not need to take any additional steps.

Seller fulfilled packages will require additional information in order to pass
customs in New Zealand. For further details, please review the [Ship to New
Zealand: required customs documentation for seller fulfilled
items](/gp/help/GXZAJA74D6PL5SCE) Help Page to review the necessary
information required for your package to clear customs in New Zealand.

#### How do I identify which orders are subject to Low Value Goods GST?

On the [Order Details](/orders-v3) page under the Tax Collection Model
section, each order that is subject to LVG GST will be identified as
“LowValueGoods”, and the “Collection Responsible Party” will be Amazon.

#### Where do I find which transactions are subject to Low Value Goods GST on
my monthly reports?

You can use the [Date Range
Reports](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/payments/reports/custom/request)
page to generate individual transaction reports for a specific date range.
Additionally, inside the monthly Sales Tax Reports, you can find monthly
transactions that are subject to LVG GST. The Tax Collection Model for LVG
shipped to New Zealand will be “LowValueGoods”.

**Note:** Australia enacted similar GST legislation in 2018. As a result, the
Tax Collection Model for Low Value Imported Goods (LVIG) shipped to Australia
will also show as “LowValueGoods”, and are subject to GST at the rate of 10%,
where applicable.

#### How does Amazon determine that I have a place of establishment outside of
New Zealand?

Amazon determines your place of establishment by looking at your Seller
Business Address on Seller Central. If your merchant business address is
outside of New Zealand, Amazon will calculate, collect, and remit GST at the
rate of 15% for items classified as LVG.

If your Merchant Business Address is in New Zealand, Amazon is not responsible
for calculating, collecting, or remitting GST and you remain responsible for
collecting and remitting applicable GST on items you sell on Amazon.com that
you ship to/within New Zealand.

#### What happens if I have a New Zealand merchant business address on Seller
Central, but my place of establishment is not New Zealand?

You must provide Amazon with accurate information on Seller Central. Failure
to do so may be a breach of law and result in Amazon incorrectly calculating
the GST payable. Miss representing your place of establishment may also have
other consequences and result in action being taken by Amazon on your Seller
Account, including termination of your Seller Account. Items shipped from
outside of New Zealand that do not include the required customs documentation
and that have not had GST collected may be held up at customs and may be
seized, incur delays, or be subject to fines or other consequences. In
addition, if the customer does not receive their order, you will not be paid
for the sale.

#### How will Amazon calculate the 15% GST?

When shipping LVG, the 15% GST will be displayed in your order details. GST
applies on the item and any additional charges, including shipping and gift
wrap charges. GST applies to each LVG item in an order, regardless of the
total value of all items in an order. Amazon will calculate the GST at
checkout, so the sale price you set for the item and delivery charges on your
account is exclusive of GST. The customer is charged the 15% GST in addition
to the sale price and delivery charges you set.

#### What is considered a taxable item?

All items sold on Amazon.com that are less than $1,000 NZD are taxable items
subject to GST in New Zealand.

#### Will I be charged a sales tax collection fee for items shipped to New
Zealand?

No, Amazon will not charge sellers a fee for calculating, collecting, and
remitting GST for LVG shipped to New Zealand.

**Note:** Sellers’ existing tax calculation settings and applicable fees may
still apply for non-LVG and non-Marketplace Tax Collection states or
jurisdictions supported by the Tax Calculation Service and identified in your
Tax settings.

#### A customer claims he/she is a Business and is looking to be GST exempt.
What do I do if a customer contacts me for a tax refund on orders I fulfilled?

If the items sold are LVG, ask the customer to contact Amazon. Amazon will
handle all customer inquiries related to LVG GST.

**Note:** For seller fulfilled orders, all other customer concerns will
continue to be managed by the seller.

#### I sold an item greater than $1,000 NZD that shipped to New Zealand. What
do I need to do to make sure that my shipment is delivered to a New Zealand
address?

This item would not be subject to LVG GST because its customs value is greater
than $1,000 NZD. As a result, 15% GST will not be assessed, collected, or
remitted by Amazon.

However, GST, customs duty, and other import processing charges may apply. To
enable the item to clear customs you will need to contact your carrier or
obtain your own tax advice to determine the amounts payable, ensure that you
provide the right information, and ensure that you provide sufficient funds to
the carrier to cover these amounts. Amazon will not calculate, collect or
remit any GST payable for these items.

#### What happens when the customer returns an item that shipped to New
Zealand?

Where the customer is entitled to a refund, you will be expected to provide a
full refund (subject to any applicable delivery charges payable by the buyer),
excluding the GST that was withheld by Amazon. Amazon will refund the GST to
the customer.

