---
title: Frequently-returned item badge
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GTRP6DXEA983DPD6
section: General Documentation
---

We strive to continuously improve our customers shopping experience and the
badges related to return rates on product detail page helps customers make
more informed purchase decisions.

Your ASIN is determined to be a frequently returned ASIN by comparing your
ASINâ€™s return rate with the return rates of similar ASINs. The return rate is
based on the number of units that were shipped, for which customers had
initiated returns.

The Voice of the Customer dashboard provides both the trailing 3-month and
trailing 12-month return rates for your products, as well as the suggested
return rate for your product to avoid badging. By comparing your product's
return rates to the suggested return rate, you can better understand why your
ASIN may have received the frequently returned item badge.

##  Avoiding the frequently-returned item badge from your ASIN

Amazon will be monitoring return rate and automatically remove the badge once
return rate approaches the suggested return rate. Note that the suggested
return rate refreshes periodically, and may change over time.

However, we understand that improvements take time, so we periodically review
ASIN return rates and may remove the badge earlier if we see a consistent
downward trend in returns, even if the return rate hasn't yet reached the
suggested return rate.

There are many actions you can take to address the return rate for an item,
such as reviewing the information on your detail pages to ensure descriptions,
images and size charts are accurate. Also ensuring that products are high
quality, free from defects or damage, and well packaged.

## ASINs at-risk for the frequently returned badge

ASINs with significant sales volume and return rates notably higher than the
suggested return rate are at risk of receiving the frequently returned item
badge. We identify these at-risk ASINs in the Voice of the Customer dashboard
to give you time to address any issues with your listings or products before
the badge is applied.

