---
title: Frequently asked questions about Global SIV
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G2MJXHQCR62DZSSM
section: General Documentation
---

## How can I appeal Amazon’s decision to decline my application?

Verification decisions are final and are based on the information and
documentation that we have received from you.

## How long will it take to verify my information?

Once we receive all of the required information, we will proceed with the
verification of your account. Verification could take up to two business days.

## Why can’t I edit my information?

Usually, you cannot edit business location and business type once you click
'Agree & continue' under the Business information section. You also cannot
update any information (or upload documents) while this information is being
verified.

## Can I save my information and complete the form later?

Yes, once you complete filling a page and press 'Next', the previous page is
automatically saved. Next time, you can log back into Seller Central to resume
where you left off.

## How is the primary contact person defined?

The primary contact person is the person who has access to the seller account,
provides the registration information on behalf of the account holder (the
registered seller), and initiates transactions such as disbursements and
refunds. Actions taken by the primary contact person are deemed to be taken by
the account holder.

## How do I submit a power of attorney or letter of authorization?

Merge the power of attorney or letter of authorization with either the
business license or the identity document and upload it to Seller Central as a
single document.

## What if my country of establishment is not in the drop-down menu?

If your country of establishment is not in the drop-down menu, it means that
we do not accept registrations from that country. We recommend that you check
the [Countries accepted for seller registration](/gp/help/G200405020) from
time to time as we continue to add new countries to the list.

## Why is my identity document not being accepted?

Usually, the document that you provided does not meet the [document
requirements](/gp/help/GQRP483PDN88Q3M9) criteria or it is not an acceptable
proof of identity. We do not accept visas or travel permit documents, such as
NEXUS, SENTRI, or Global Entry.

## How to choose the correct business type (legal entity types)?

You are an Individual seller if you selected "None, I am an Individual"
business type.

You are a business seller if you selected any one of the below options:

  * Privately-owned business - A business controlled and operated by private individuals.
  * State-owned business - A business that is either wholly or partially owned and operated by a government.
  * Publicly-listed business - A business with shares listed on a stock exchange for public trading.
  * Charity - Incorporated or non-incorporated tax-exempt body.

