---
title: Frequently Asked Questions on Australia's Low Value Imports GST
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G4BBHW7XBNS2GMWU
section: General Documentation
---

#### What is Australia’s Low Value Imported Goods GST law?

In 2018, Australia implemented legislation to impose Goods and Services Tax
(GST) on imported goods that are classified as taxable for Australian GST
purposes and have a customs value of $1,000 Australian Dollars (AUD) or less
(Low Value Imported Goods or LVIG). Based on this, Amazon is required to
calculate, collect and remit 10% GST on LVIG sold by sellers on Amazon.com and
shipped from outside Australia to an Australian address.

#### How does Australia’s Low Value Imported Goods GST affect my Selling on
Amazon account?

If you sell an item that qualifies as LVIG, Amazon will automatically
calculate, collect, and remit GST at the rate of 10%. The GST will be added to
the price and delivery charges that you have set in Seller Central for items
that are classified as LVIG.

**Note:** his law will not impact items that have a customs value greater than
$1,000 AUD.

#### Am I responsible for collecting and remitting Low Value Imported Goods
GST to Australia?

No, when shipping LVIG from outside Australia to an address in Australia,
Amazon will calculate, collect and remit the LVIG GST directly to the
Australian Tax Office (ATO).

#### How do I ensure the items I sell on Amazon.com reach the customer and
clear customs in Australia?

Amazon fulfilled packages already have the necessary information to clear
Australia customs, and you do not have to take any additional steps.

Seller fulfilled packages will require additional information in order to pass
customs in Australia. For further details, please review the [Ship to
Australia: required customs documentation for seller fulfilled
items](/gp/help/GWPDDN566CJYECZS) page to review the necessary information
required for your package to clear customs in Australia.

#### How do I identify which orders are subject to Low Value Imported Goods
GST?

LVIG GST is payable on imported goods which have a customs value of $1,000 AUD
or less and that are shipped from outside Australia to an Australian address.
On the [Order Details](/gp/orders-v2/) page under the Tax Collection Model
section, each order that is subject to LVIG GST will be identified as
LowValueGoods, and the Collection Responsible Party will be Amazon.

#### Where do I find which transactions are subject to Low Value Imported
Goods GST on my monthly reports?

You can use the [Date Range Reports](/payments/reports/custom/request) page to
generate individual transaction reports for a specific date range.
Additionally, inside the monthly Sales Tax Reports, you can find monthly
transactions that are subject to LVIG GST. The Tax Collection Model for LVG
shipped to Australia will be "LowValueGoods".

Please note: New Zealand enacted similar GST legislation on 1 December 2019.
As a result, the Tax Collection Model for LVG shipped to New Zealand will also
show as "LowValueGoods", and are subject to GST at the rate of 15%, where
applicable.

#### How does Amazon determine that I am shipping from outside of Australia?

The GST calculation is dependent on the "Ship From" location associated with
your Seller Central Account. Amazon determines your Ship-From Location using
the Shipping Addresses set on [Shipping
Settings](/sbr/ref=ag_shipset_dnav_xx_#settings). Sellers who ship to
Australian customers from both within and outside of Australia can review the
[Sellers with warehouse inside and outside of Australia
page](/gp/help/GT5ARTCBXQTFSY3F) to understand their options. Otherwise, your
default Ship-From Location will be used to determine whether GST is payable.

#### What happens if my ship from location is set to Australia but I am
shipping an item from outside Australia?

You must provide Amazon with accurate information on Seller Central. Failure
to do so may be a breach of law and result in Amazon incorrectly calculating
the GST payable. Miss representing your Ship-From location may also have other
consequences and result in **action being taken by Amazon on your Seller
Account, including termination of your Seller Account**. Items shipped from
outside of Australia that do not include the required customs documentation
and that have not had GST collected may be held up at customs and may be
seized, incur delays, or be subject to fines or other consequences. In
addition, if the customer does not receive their order, you will not be paid
for the sale.

#### How will Amazon calculate the 10% GST?

When shipping LVIG items, the 10% GST will be displayed in your order details.
GST applies on the item and any additional charges, including shipping and
gift wrap charges. GST applies to each LVIG item in an order, regardless of
the total value of all items in an order. Amazon will calculate the GST at
checkout, so the sale price you set for the item and delivery charges on your
account is exclusive of GST. The customer is charged the 10% GST in addition
to the sale price and delivery charges you set.

#### What is considered a taxable item?

Taxable items are goods that are ordinarily subject to GST in Australia. Items
classified as GST-free, such as certain health, food, beverages, and medical
items, will continue to be non-taxable regardless of customs value.

#### Will I be charged a sales tax collection fee for items shipped to
Australia?

No, Amazon will not charge sellers a fee for calculating, collecting, and
remitting GST for items shipped to Australia.

**Note:** Sellers’ existing tax calculation settings and applicable fees may
still apply for non-LVIG and non-Marketplace Tax Collection states or
jurisdictions supported by the Tax Calculation Service and identified in your
Tax settings.

#### I am a Business and am GST registered. I have provided Amazon my
Australian Business Number (ABN). How will Low Value Imported Goods GST impact
my selling experience if I am a Business?

Having an ABN on file does not change the requirement for Amazon to collect
and remit GST on LVIG sold on Amazon.com. You remain responsible for
collecting and remitting GST on goods you sell on Amazon.com that you ship
from within Australia if you meet the GST registration threshold.

#### A customer claims he/she is a Business and is looking to be GST exempt.
What do I do if a customer contacts me for a tax refund on orders I fulfilled?

If the goods sold are LVIG, ask the customer to contact Amazon. Amazon will
handle all customer inquiries related to LVIG GST.

**Note:** For Seller fulfilled orders, all other customer concerns will
continue to be managed by the seller.

#### I sold an item greater than $1,000 AUD that shipped from outside
Australia. What do I need to do to make sure that my shipment is delivered to
an Australian address?

This item would not be subject to LVIG GST because its customs value is
greater than $1,000 AUD. As a result, 10% GST for LVIG will not be assessed,
collected, or remitted by Amazon.

However, GST, customs duty, and other import processing charges may apply. To
enable the item to clear customs you will need to contact your carrier or
obtain your own tax advice to determine the amounts payable, ensure that you
provide the right information, and ensure that you provide sufficient funds to
the carrier to cover these amounts. Amazon will not calculate, collect or
remit any GST payable for these items.

#### What happens when the customer returns an item that shipped to Australia?

Where the buyer is entitled to a refund, you will be expected to provide a
full refund (subject to any applicable delivery charges payable by the buyer),
excluding the GST that was withheld by Amazon. Amazon will refund the GST to
the customer.

