---
title: Get to Know the Product Detail Page
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201911450
section: General Documentation
---

Customers discover products you offer on a **product detail page**. The
product detail page can include the title, at least one image, bullet points,
a description, product variations (such as size or color), and customer
reviews.

## Construction of a product detail page

Amazon wants to ensure that each product detail page represents a unique
product, which may include variations such as size, color, or pattern; each
variation will have a unique ASIN and grouped under the same product detail
page. A single page enables shoppers to explore buying options on one page and
reduces confusion.

In order to make this possible, a product detail page is considered a shared
space. Anyone listing an offer for the product can contribute to the product
detail page, but Amazon determines which information to display for shoppers.
Many factors are considered when selecting from seller contributions.

## Contribute to product detail page

Product detail pages are a shared space where multiple sellers can list their
offers for the same product. Since the product detail page consists of
attributes that are common to all offers for a product, you can submit
corrections to the following attributes:

  * Title 
  * Description 
  * Images 
  * Bullet points 
  * Variations 

In addition to these core attributes, some categories have additional product
detail attributes. For instance in Electronics, cameras provide attributes
such as optical zoom and max resolution that wouldn’t be required for other
product categories.

Watch this short tutorial on [Editing Shared Detail
Pages](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn/courses?moduleId=28&sid=SU-
SEARCH-d7d96ee8-6719-4945-b69e-6cd2bc3d09f8&ref_=su_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube).

## Offers on a product detail page

The product detail page also shows a summary of offers including new and used
price ranges, and conditions. Other attributes that are specific to your offer
display when a buyer clicks through to your offer. You have control over the
attributes for your offer including, price, condition, shipping options, and
more.

## Win the Buy Box

While multiple sellers share the detail page and each have their own offer,
one offer wins the Buy Box on the product detail page. The Buy Box enables
customers to add the winning offer to their shopping cart or buy it with one
click.

You must meet performance-based requirements to be eligible to compete for Buy
Box placement. All Buy Box eligible offers are then further evaluated to
determine the Buy Box winning offer. One "New" and one "Used" condition offer,
as applicable, will receive Buy Box placement.

If you meet Buy Box eligibility, your offer can compete for the Buy Box by
being competitively priced with compelling shipping options.

Learn more about [How the Buy Box Works](/gp/help/37911).

## Help shoppers find your offers

When shoppers are searching or browsing for your products, they are looking
for information that will help them make a good decisions.

#### Descriptive titles

A good product title is succinct and clearly describes the product you are
selling. It includes the brand, product type, and may include other
identifying information such as color and size. Do not include keywords,
seller information, or promotional offers in your title.

#### Clear Images

Images can inform shoppers in a way that words can’t. They can make your
product stand out in search results and increase a shopper’s confidence in
making a decision to buy. Choose images that highlight the product and meet
our image guidelines.

#### Concise feature bullets

Customers want to know what sets your product apart from other similar
products. Keep each feature bullet point brief and focused on one feature and
its corresponding benefit.

#### Compelling offers

Since multiple sellers can share the product detail page create an offer that
has an attractive price and compelling shipping options. Research other
offers, both on and off Amazon, and take shipping costs into account to
determine a price point. You can offer free shipping to make your offer even
more compelling.

## List your offer on a product detail page

Before you list a product, please review the [Product Detail Page
Policies](/gp/help/200390640).

You can list a product from within Seller Central on the **Add a Product**
page. From the **Inventory** drop-down menu, select **Add a Product**. First
search for an existing product on Amazon and if it exists, list your offer for
it. If it doesn’t exist listing a new product and Amazon will create a new
detail page for your product.

Learn more about [Product Detail Pages and Offers](/gp/help/51) and how to
[Add a Product One at a Time](/gp/help/200220550).

## Fix a product detail page

If you see a product detail page with incorrect information, submit changes
through the **Manage Inventory** page. From the **Inventory** drop-down menu,
select **Manage Inventory**.

Learn how to [Correct an Error on a Product Detail Page](/gp/help/200335450).

## List with advanced methods

If you have a professional selling plan, you can also use inventory files or
the Amazon Marketplace Web Services (Amazon MWS) API to create and edit
product detail pages.

Learn how to [Add Your Products Using Inventory Files](/gp/help/201576410) or
how to use APIs with [Amazon
MWS](https://developer.amazonservices.com/index.html).

## See also

  * [Correct an Error on a Product Detail Page ](/gp/help/200335450)
  * [Product Detail Page Policy](/gp/help/200390640)
  * [Amazon Brand Registry](/gp/help/200955930)
  * [Update an Offer](/gp/help/201836910)

