---
title: Get started with Amazon Handmade
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G2NVGK9X3Y4XRT9H
section: General Documentation
---

To support growing craft communities and to facilitate successful business
ventures, Amazon Handmade provides an opportunity to offer your unique,
handcrafted products to customers around the world. Refer to the tips below
for ideas on how to improve discoverability of your handmade products after
listing them for sale, which in turn can drive more traffic and sales.

Once you create a selling account, you can apply to join [Amazon
Handmade](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/handmade.html).

**Note:** A Professional selling plan is required to unlock Handmade features
and benefits, including the ability for your listings to display in search
results and to be eligible for Handmade’s [referral
fees](/gp/help/G201814220).

Handmade waives the monthly Professional selling plan fee for approved
applicants after the first month, for as long as:  

  1. You are approved to sell on Amazon Handmade.
  2. You have eligible products for sale in the Handmade store.
  3. You have a Professional selling plan enabled in your account.

To verify whether or not you have a Professional selling plan enabled, go to
**Settings** > [Account Info](/hz/sc/account-information) and check **Selling
on Amazon** , under **Manage Your Services** section. This should say
**Professional**.

  * If you do not have a Professional selling plan enabled, go to [Switch to a Professional selling plan](/gp/help/G201747610) for step-by-step instructions. 
  * We will waive the Professional Selling fee of $39.99 per month for all Handmade-approved sellers, after the first month. This waiver will be in place as long as you are approved to sell on Amazon Handmade and you have compliant products listed in the Handmade store.

Once you are approved to sell on Amazon Handmade:  

  1. Go to **Catalog** > **Add Products** to create your first listing.

**Note:** If at the top of the screen you see **Not listing a Handmade
product? Change categories** , that is the previous listing experience. To see
the new listing experience, click **Change categories**.

  2. Select **Blank form** and click **Start**.
  3. In the left-hand navigation, select the **All attributes** option to reveal the new **Handmade Classification** attribute.
  4. To add the new **Handmade Classification** attribute, indicate whether your product is handcrafted, hand-altered, hand-designed, upcycled, or repurposed. You must only add the **Handmade Classification** attribute to products or brands you own.
  5. Create your listing by clicking each tab and provide all required information.
  6. Click **Save and finish** to complete the listing process.

Alternatively, you can use inventory template files to upload listings in
bulk. For more information, go to [Amazon Handmade: Use inventory templates to
upload products](/gp/help/GMU4YRNPVSDUGJZX).

To learn more about the listing process, go to [Amazon Handmade: List your
products](/gp/help/G201817280).

**Note:** Most listings go live in an hour, but it may take up to four hours
until your listing is synchronized and searchable on the website. Listing
updates can take up to 48 hours.

## Best practices

Use appropriate titles, search terms, and occasion types for each of your
listings that enables customers to search for and find your products. For more
information, go to [Optimize your product discoverability](/gp/help/G10471).

**Review titles to help customers find your products** :

**Titles** should be clear and succinct. Use short and simple words that
describe the product. For additional information on product listing titles, go
to [Amazon Handmade: Product title best practices](/gp/help/GRLUNACJV3JB23G2).

**Optimize search terms to improve search results** :

**Search terms** are essential keywords that help customers find your products
in the Handmade store when they search for them. Search terms should focus on
subjects closely related to your product and are words that others may use in
a search query to find them.

**Search term best practices** :

  * Search terms should be one word only, not a phrase, compound word, or sentence. 
  * Put yourself in your customer’s frame of mind. What words would they use to search for your product? 
  * Do not use your product title or brand as keywords. Amazon already includes them in the search index. 
  * Search terms can always be updated or changed, so try new ones to see if that improves search ranking. 
  * Do not use common misspellings and variations in pluralization, capitalization, and spacing, in your keywords.

For additional information, go to [Using search terms
effectively](/gp/help/G23501).

**Images** :

High-resolution images with clear details that highlight your product can
create defining impressions in potential customers.

We require your main image to be on a pure white background (RGB color values
of 255, 255, 255) and other images to show the product in use. Note that text,
logos, graphics, or watermarks are not allowed on your main image.

Watch [Amazon Handmade: Product
Images](/learn/courses?moduleId=3181cd9b-1483-4039-94e4-25436be0ef54&sid=SU-
SEARCH-
ee675e79-3ee4-42ea-a915-ef8940ba574c&ref_=su_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)
to learn how optimize your Handmade product images.

For additional information, go to [Amazon Handmade: Image requirements best
practices](/gp/help/GNRP6DDJV79DUHRD).

**Note:** If you are a brand owner, you can describe your product features in
different ways by using A+ Content. It allows for enhanced images, text
placements, and product-comparison charts, which brands can add to their
product detail pages to inform and inspire purchases.

If you are not a brand owner, Generic ASINs that are part of a Professional
Sellers’ catalog, now have access to **Basic A+ Content**.

To learn more about **A+ Content** and **Basic A+ Content** , go to [A+
Content](/gp/help/G202102930).

**Product descriptions** :

  * Optimize [product description](/gp/help/G200291810) and [bullet points](/gp/help/GX5L8BF8GLMML6CX). Your product description should be a concise, but friendly overview of your product and its uses.
  * Your bullet points will reflect specific features of your products, such as size, color, scent, metal, age restriction or other warnings.
  * Bullet points make it easier for customers to shop your products by highlighting key features and benefits in a quick, digestible format.
  * If bullet points are indexed for your product, being shorter than 1,000 characters improves discoverability of content in the bullet points.

Watch [Amazon Handmade: Product
Descriptions](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn/courses?moduleId=b4f793e1-3ad9-4706-9ed1-2a21ae316181&sid=SU-
SEARCH-
dd5fd504-3bbb-4031-b01e-bafc1de80880&ref_=su_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube)
to learn more about how to optimize your product descriptions.

**Listing** :

  * Set expectations accordingly by entering the **handling or production time** (time needed to create the product) for each listing. You will find this field in the **Offer** tab while creating your listing. Faster and accurate delivery promises ensure a good customer experience and may improve sales.

**Note:** Sellers offering a delivery timeframe of less than 14 days can
generate up to a 20% increase in glance views for their listings.

  * Consider listing variations. Variations are similar products, differing in size, color, metal type, and other variants displayed on a single detail page. Having your listings consolidated under a single detail page allows you to consolidate your reviews.

**Add occasion type to your items** :

Occasion types allow you to label your product for a specific occasion or
theme to your product like weddings or birthdays. Customers can browse by
occasion type in the Handmade store, making discoverability easier for
products relevant to events.

For information on how to add/update your occasion types on a product listing,
go to [Amazon Handmade: Edit product listings](/gp/help/GACPFCRX6CH32JST).

**Shipping and delivery options** :

Your total delivery time is a combination of your **production or handling
time + delivery time**. Configuring an accurate delivery time for your
products helps ensure a good customer experience and improve sales as you will
see fewer order cancellations and late shipment penalties.

  * Consider the best shipping options for your products. Maintaining accurate shipping times is critical in establishing trust with customers and maintaining a strong seller performance rating.
  * Consider offering free delivery. Customers love free delivery, and cite it as a primary influence when making customer’s online purchase decisions.

For best practices on configuring these options, go to [Amazon Handmade: Best
practices for fulfilling orders](/gp/help/G201835090).

Another option to consider is [Use Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) to ship your
Handmade products](/gp/help/G201817680). With FBA, you send inventory to one
of our fulfillment centers and when a customer places an order, Amazon
packs/handles the stored inventory and ships it for you.

Some of the benefits of using FBA are the following:

  * Your products are eligible for Amazon Prime FREE Two-Day Shipping and more.
  * Customers get Amazon's trusted customer service and returns.
  * Our services let your business scale quickly.
  * It is cost-effective.

**Advertise on Amazon with Sponsored Products** :

Sponsored Products is an advertising service that helps you promote the
products you list on Amazon. You choose which products you want to advertise,
assign keywords to those products, and enter a cost-per-click bid. When an
Amazon customer searches Amazon, using one of your keywords, your product
advertisement is eligible for display alongside the search results. You pay a
fee for this service only when an Amazon customer clicks your advertisement,
at which point the customer is taken to the detail page where your offer is
listed.

For more information, go to [Sponsored
Products](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/sponsored-
products).

**Learn from other makers on Handmade community forums** :

There is an entire Handmade community at your disposal on Seller Central.

Click [here](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/forums/c/groups/open-handmade-
community) to interact with our community of makers, ask questions or help
fellow makers with their questions.

**Visit the Handmade Hub:**

The [Handmade Hub](/gc/handmade-hub/) is a centralized resource for Handmade
Selling Partners that includes useful links, helpful content, and program
updates. It also helps sellers stay informed on the latest updates and
provides access to educational resources, including tips and best practices.

## See also

  * [Amazon Handmade: List your products](/gp/help/G201817280)
  * [Use Fulfillment by Amazon to ship your Handmade products](/gp/help/G201817680)
  * [Variation relationships overview](/gp/help/G8831)
  * [How do I create variations?](/gp/help/GUHKMBQ56WGQX9MM)

