---
title: Global registration
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKMK7CM7F9Q8FKUG
section: General Documentation
---

Global registration allows you to create Amazon selling accounts in multiple
Amazon stores worldwide through one registration application. This unifies
your selling experience across Amazon’s international stores and lets you more
easily manage and scale your business. By using [single-
on](/gp/help/202095190), you will have access to a single view of sales,
orders, and buyer messages from all of the stores you sell in. You can also
access tools previously restricted to specific countries, and benefit from a
discounted monthly fee for the Professional selling plan. When you register to
sell on Amazon via Global Registration, you will have merged accounts in North
American stores (United States, Canada, and Mexico), European stores (United
Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, and Spain), the
Japan store, the Singapore store, the Australia store, the UAE store and the
Saudi Arabia store, you can switch between stores in Seller Central.

## FAQ on global registration

## Registration

#### What should I do if I do not have all the information to complete
registration in a particular store?

For registration, you don't need store-specific information but only general
information about your business. During registration, you can save your
progress and sign in again later to continue from where you left off. After
registration is completed, you may need to provide additional information or
documentation based on the countries you wish to sell in. For example, to sell
in the United States, you are required to provide tax information after
registration is completed.

## Stores

#### 1\. Which stores am I registering in?

When you register for an Amazon selling account, we automatically create
[merged accounts](/gp/help/201841950) that give you access to North American
stores (United States, Canada, and Mexico), European stores (United Kingdom,
Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, and Spain), Japan,
Singapore, Australia, UAE and Saudi Arabia. . Once you have created a selling
account, you can start creating product listings in each store, unless that
store requires additional information. You can see a list of your merged
global accounts on the [Your global accounts](/account/management/ref) page.

#### 2\. Do I have to sell in all stores?

No. Even though you will have an account in each of the North American,
European, Japan, Singapore, Australia, UAE and Saudi Arabia stores, you can
select the specific store(s) you want to sell in for each product that you
offer. You are not required to list products in all stores. If you want to
list a product in a store for which you have a merged account already, you
will not be required to go through the entire registration process again.

#### 3\. I don't want to list in all the stores in Europe. Can I only select
the UK (or Germany, France, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, Spain)?

When you list your products in one of Amazon’s European stores, by default the
listing will be available in all European stores, to make it easier for you to
expand your business in Europe. If you wish to remove your listing from a
specific store or opt out of this functionality altogether, you can go to
Account Settings in Seller Central to deselect the store(s).

#### 4\. I have completed the registration process, but I don’t need a seller
account in all stores for which you have created merged accounts and want to
un-register myself from a store. How do I do that?

You can choose to downgrade your account from a Professional selling plan to
an Individual selling plan if you do not want to be charged a monthly
subscription fee. Follow the instructions to [Switch to an Individual selling
plan](/gp/help/201710030). To close an account, log into the account for the
store that you want to close, and go to **Settings** > **Account Info** >
**Close account** in Seller Central. Please note that you must close each
regional account individually: North America, Europe, Japan, Singapore,
Australia, UAE and Saudi Arabia. If you downgrade or close one of your
accounts but still have buyable ASINs listed in your other merged accounts ,
you will still pay a [Professional Selling Plan subscription
fee](/gp/help/GAB9AXEU2FEC4GXM). Ensure that you downgrade each merged account
individually if you do not wish to be charged a monthly Professional
subscription fee.

#### I also want to sell in a store for which Amazon does not automatically
create a merged account. What do I need to do?

You need to register for that store separately. You can then merge that
separate account to your global registration account by following the steps
described in the [Merging accounts](/gp/help/external/201841950) Help page.

