---
title: How to confirm a shipment
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200197960
section: General Documentation
---

If you purchased shipping through Amazon Buy Shipping, you do not need to
confirm the shipment since this is done automatically.

To confirm the shipment, you will need the following information:

  * Ship date
  * Carrier
  * Shipping service (or Ship method)
  * Tracking ID (provide valid tracking ID supplied by the carrier)
  * Valid tracking number (supplied by the carrier). It cannot be blank or duplicated, and we will validate this in order to confirm the shipment.
  * Ship from address (actual address from which you shipped the order)

**Note:** Wherever Amazon is responsible under local regulations to remit
taxes on sales when delivered to specific countries, the tax collection model
may be determined by the ship from address that you enter. For this reason,
select the final ship from address in the drop-down menu. If you do not select
a ship from address in the drop-down menu, Amazon will use the default ship
from location that you provided in your Shipping Settings at the time the
order was placed. If there was no default shipping address under your
[shipping settings](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#settings) at the time when the
order was placed, then Amazon will use the address that you provided in your
[Business address
settings](/sw/AccountInfo/BusinessAddress/step/BusinessAddress?ref_=macs_aibusadd_cont_acinfohm).

Further information on situations in which Amazon is required to collect and
remit taxes by third party sellers is available [here](/gp/help/G201468380).

After you confirm the shipment, we do the following:

  * Charge the buyer for the order.
  * Credit your seller account for the order.
  * Send a shipping confirmation email to the buyer.
  * Update the buyer's Amazon account with the shipping information. They can then see the status online.

**Note:** If you do not confirm shipment of an order within seven business
days of the shipping availability date, we will automatically cancel the
order. We will not charge the buyer, even if you already shipped the order.

## Confirming shipments by uploading feed files

Sellers uploading feed files to confirm shipments will need to provide a
Supply Source ID (S2 ID) which is a unique identifier for a location. S2 IDs
can be found in the **Shipping** settings under the [Locations
tab](/fbm/locations) or on the [GET S2 API](https://developer-
docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/supply-sources-
api-v2020-07-01-reference#getsupplysources).

**Note:** Supply Sources and the Locations tab are currently available to
sellers selling in the US store (amazon.com).

##  Confirm an individual shipment for one order

  1. Locate the order in **Manage Orders** and click **Confirm shipment** in the **Action** column for the order.

  2. On the **Confirm shipment** page, enter the **Ship date** , **Carrier name** , **Shipping service** or **Ship method** , the **Ship from address** (the actual address from which you shipped the order), and the **Tracking ID** (supplied by the carrier).

  3. Enter any special notes about the order in the **Seller memo** field (optional). This is for your reference only.

  4. Click **Confirm shipment**.

**Note:** Wherever Amazon is responsible under local regulations to remit
taxes on sales when delivered to specific countries, the tax collection model
may be determined by the ship from address that you enter. For this reason,
select the final ship from address in the drop-down menu. If you do not select
a ship from address in the drop-down menu, Amazon will use the default ship
from address that you provided in your Shipping Settings at the time the order
was placed. If there was no default shipping address under your shipping
settings at the time when the order was placed, then Amazon will use the
address that you provided in your [Business address
settings](/sw/AccountInfo/BusinessAddress/step/BusinessAddress?ref_=macs_aibusadd_cont_acinfohm)

Further information on situations in which Amazon is required to collect and
remit taxes by third party sellers is available [here](/gp/help/G201468380).

##  Send multiple shipments for one order

  1. After you confirm shipment for one package of an order, at the bottom of the **Confirm shipment** page, click **Add a package**.

  2. From the **Items in package** drop-down menu, select the correct number of items in that package. The remaining items are automatically moved to the other package.

  3. Enter the **Ship date** , **Carrier name** , **Shipping service** or **Ship method** , the **Ship from address** (the actual address from which you shipped the order), and the **Tracking ID** (supplied by the carrier).

  4. Enter any special notes about the order in the **Seller memo** field (optional). This is for your reference only.

  5. Click **Confirm shipment**.

**Note:** Wherever Amazon is responsible under local regulations to remit
taxes on sales when delivered to specific countries, the tax collection model
may be determined by the ship from address that you enter. For this reason,
select the final ship from address in the drop-down menu. If you do not select
a ship from address in the drop-down menu, Amazon will use the default ship
from location that you provided in your Shipping Settings at the time the
order was placed. If there was no default shipping address under your shipping
settings at the time when the order was placed, then Amazon will use the
address that you provided in your [Business address
settings](/sw/AccountInfo/BusinessAddress/step/BusinessAddress?ref_=macs_aibusadd_cont_acinfohm).

Further information on situations in which Amazon is required to collect and
remit taxes by third party sellers is available [here](/gp/help/G201468380).

If you are shipping to customers in the UK and you are shipping a single order
using multiple packages, all packages must be shipped from the same country as
the first package. This is because the tax collection model is determined
based on the ship from address provided for the first shipment.

**Notes:**

  * If you make a mistake when entering information, such as the tracking ID, you can edit the shipment. In **Manage Orders** , click **Edit shipments** next to the order, click the **Edit shipment** at the top right, and then click **Re-confirm shipment**.
  * If you receive an order for multiple items and send them individually, the customer will be charged immediately after the first item, even if the items are shipped in multiple deliveries. 
  * If you deliver an order by hand, you can choose **Other** as the carrier.

**Important:**

We do not recommend confirming shipments without tracking numbers. You're
required to provide valid tracking numbers for at least 95% of shipments in
all categories.

Tracking is also required to qualify for exclusive programs, including Premium
Shipping options.

Without a valid tracking number, you are more vulnerable to an [A-to-z
Guarantee claim](/gp/help/GQ6762Y9AB2FYDY8).

