---
title: How to enable Two-Step Verification
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSWPS4GPEPMXZ98R
section: General Documentation
---

Before you enable Two-Step Verification, you need access to either a cell
phone with SMS (text), a landline telephone, or an authenticator app installed
on a smart mobile device or tablet. You'll be asked to choose one of these
methods to receive authentication codes. For more information, see [About Two-
Step Verification](/gp/help/G202110760).

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Settings** and select **Login Settings**.

  2. On the **Login & security** page, select **Edit** next to the **Two-Step Verification (2SV) Settings** option.

  3. On the **Advanced Security Settings** page, select **Get Started**.

**Note:** If you encounter any issues after enabling Two-Step Verification,
see [Two-Step Verification FAQ](/gp/help/G202153510).

## Choose how you'll receive codes

When setting up Two-Step Verification, you have three options for how you
would like to receive your authentication code: text message (SMS), phone
call, or authenticator app. Select **Phone number** or **Authenticator App**
to begin.

**Phone number**  

  1. Select **Text message (SMS)** or **Voice delivery (you will receive a phone call)**.
  2. Choose the country code for the phone number you plan to use, enter the phone number in the field provided, and then click **Send code** or **Call me now**. You'll receive an SMS (text) or voice call depending on the method you chose. It might take a few minutes.
  3. Enter the code that was sent to your device, and then click **Verify code and continue**.

**Note:** If you see **The phone number you've entered is not valid** or **The
code is invalid** , verify that you've entered the number in the correct
format (XXX-XXX-XXXX), and then click **Send code** to begin the process
again.

**Authenticator App**  

  1. Install an authenticator app on your smart mobile device or tablet. Click **Need an app?** for instructions.
  2. Within the app, create an account, and then scan the barcode on the webpage. If the barcode doesn't scan, click **Can't scan the barcode?** for a key that you can enter.
  3. Enter the code generated by the app, and then click **Verify code and continue**.

For more information, see [Use an authenticator app for Two-Step
Verification](/gp/help/G202110780).

## Add a backup verification method

Choose a backup or alternate method to receive authentication codes. This
method will be used if you are unable to receive your authentication code
through your primary device.

  1. Select a backup method that is different from your primary method.

  2. If you choose **Text message (SMS)** or **Voice delivery (you will receive a phone call)** , enter the phone number.

  3. Click **Send code**.

You must add a backup device to complete the Two-Step Verification process. If
you aren't near your backup device, select the **Skip verification** check
box, and then click **Save backup number**. Amazon will not initiate a
verification of that number.

**Note:**

  * If you are unable to download an authenticator app, or don't have a second phone number, we recommend using the phone number of a friend, spouse, or other family member.
  * If you are unable to receive an authentication code through either your primary or backup device, you might need to go through the Account Recovery process to regain access to your account. This can take up to 48 hours.

## Almost done

You can make your device a "trusted device," so you don't have to enter an
authentication code every time you try to access your account.

  1. To make your device a trusted device, select **Don't require codes on this device**.

  2. Click the **Got it. Turn on 2-Step Verification button**.

