---
title: Important information for international sellers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200404870
section: General Documentation
---

##  Important reminder of your obligations as an international seller

When selling on our website as an international seller, there are important
requirements you must follow to ensure a great experience for customers.
Understanding and complying with these requirements is essential for
successful international selling and is required for your participation in
Amazon's international selling programs.

Before you begin selling on an Amazon store website in a country outside your
business location, you must provide a bank account in a country supported by
Amazon in order to get paid. In addition, understand the laws that apply to
you as a seller on our website, and you must only list and sell products that
comply with those laws. Consult with your legal and tax advisers who
understand the requirements that may apply to you so that you only offer
products on the Amazon store website that:

  * You are permitted to sell, 
  * You are able to deliver to the customer on time, every time with no customer surprises, and 
  * You are able support after the sale.

The following apply for each product you offer, promote or sell on an Amazon
store website:

  * **Customer Expectations** : You will provide customers with accurate information about the location from which you are shipping your product.

You have to provide an accurate shipping address in your seller profile and
manage customer expectations by stating the actual shipping times from your
location. You will be responsible for meeting the shipping expectations for
all orders you receive.

  * **Delivery to the Customer** : You must use a reliable shipping method so customers receive their purchases on time, every time.

Do not expose customers to customs delays and additional duties and taxes on
their purchases. You are responsible for complying with all import and export
obligations and for payment of all applicable duties and customs fees. In
short, customers must receive exactly what they order without any additional
charges or fees and within the estimated delivery date posted with your offer
on the Amazon store website.

You must be prepared to respond quickly to customer contacts in the language
of the Amazon store.

**Important notice for international sellers shipping from the United States
to Mexico:** Not all shipping options deliver the transit speeds that Amazon
customers worldwide have come to expect. For example, a recent study of orders
fulfilled by sellers shipping from the United States to Mexico showed that
approximately 69% of orders shipped via United States Postal Service (USPS),
which uses Correos de México/Servicio Postal Mexicano (SEPOMEX) for delivery
within Mexico, did not meet Amazon's international shipping transit time
requirements. To provide a great customer experience on shipments from the
United States to Mexico, we strongly recommend that you use other carriers
(for example, FedEX, DHL, UPS).

  * **Customer Service** : You must be prepared to respond quickly to customer contacts in the language of the Amazon store website in which you are registered to sell.

Customers expect prompt, helpful service when they have questions or concerns
about your products. You must have customer service specialists who (i)
understand your products, (ii) know where the customer's product is and when
it will be delivered, and (iii) are able to respond quickly (but in any case
within 24 hours) to customer email contacts in the language of the Amazon
store website in which you are registered to sell.

**Note:** If you provide phone support, you are required to do so in English
or in the language of and within the business hours of the time zone of the
country represented by the relevant Amazon store website.

When you interact with Amazon Customer Service or Selling Partner Support, you
are required to communicate in English or in the language of the applicable
Amazon store website in which you are registered to sell.

  * **Right to Sell** : You must be permitted to offer, promote and sell the product on that website.

The laws of each country are different (and laws may vary within countries).
As the seller of your products, it is your responsibility to ensure that you
do not present customers with offers for your products unless you have
confirmed that you are permitted, under all applicable laws, to sell and
deliver the product to all potential customers.

For example, confirm that:

    * Applicable export and import laws permit the delivery of that product to each potential customer,
    * Your product meets local consumer protection, product compliance and environmental regulations. For example, the product should comply with local age restrictions, usability requirements (for example, have accompanying product documentation in the local language) and product safety requirements and certifications (for example, comply with all hazardous materials restrictions, include required labeling on the product), and
    * Sale and delivery of your product will not violate the intellectual property rights of others (for example, the product manufacturer).

  * **Listings** : You will list your products using the primary language and currency of the Amazon store website in which you are registered to sell.
  * **Customer charges** : Your listing will include all applicable charges and taxes (including VAT, customs duty, excise taxes, as applicable). You will provide VAT invoices to the customer upon the customer's request, if applicable.
  * **Returns** : For details about Amazon.com’s policies and procedures for international returns, see [Customer returns for international sales](/gp/help/G201468550). 
  * **Taxes** : You are solely responsible for (i) determining whether any taxes apply, (ii) accounting for any taxes due, and (iii) Intrastate reporting to the appropriate tax authority. You are responsible for meeting any GST/VAT obligations that apply, including GST/VAT obligations in the country to which you deliver your products, and any other applicable countries.
  * **Your Selling Agreement** : You will, at all times, comply with the terms and conditions of your selling agreement.

##  Important reminder of your obligations when using Fulfillment by Amazon

Before you begin using Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) in an Elected Country
outside your business location, you must provide a bank account in a country
supported by Amazon in order to get paid. In addition, carefully consider the
following matters with your legal and tax experts (as you deem necessary) and
only participate in the FBA service when you comply with all of the following:

#### Delivery of Inventory

If you choose to send inventory directly to Amazon from outside your Elected
Country, you must use an import broker (either one of your own choosing or one
designated by Amazon). All inventory sent directly to Amazon from outside the
Elected Country must be sent under "Delivery Duty Paid destination" freight
terms with all relevant import duties and other taxes paid. Amazon will not be
responsible for any import duties, taxes, collect freight or miscellaneous
charges associated with importation into the Elected Country.

#### Surety Bond

If you choose to send inventory directly to Amazon from outside the Elected
Country, you must obtain an import surety bond.

#### Importer and Consignee

If you choose to send inventory directly to Amazon from outside the Elected
Country, you will list yourself as the importer and consignee, will not
mention Amazon as the importer or consignee, and will register as a non-
resident importer as necessary. Amazon will not act as importer of consignee
of this inventory.

#### Return Shipping Address

Amazon is currently unable to return FBA inventory to an address outside of
the Elected Country. Furthermore, the FBA service does not currently support
pick-up options for sellers at our fulfillment centers. If you want to have
your inventory returned to you, you must supply a return address in the
Elected Country.

#### Taxes

By having inventory within the Elected Country, you may be liable for certain
taxes in the Elected Country.

