---
title: In-Stock Head Start
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GTBBP39NRMSMZK98
section: General Documentation
---

With In-Stock Head Start, customers can find and buy products, even when they
are temporarily out of stock.

Even with the [best inventory
planning](https://services.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon/healthy-
inventory.htm), popular products can sometimes go out of stock, and that can
affect your product discoverability and sales. In-Stock Head Start can
automatically make your out-of-stock products available for customers to find
and buy.

Customers will benefit from a wider selection of products, and you could see
higher or more consistent sales.

## How In-Stock Head Start works

In-Stock Head Start uses innovative technology to predict which of your out-
of-stock products are most likely to come back in stock soon. Our predictions
are based on your shipment information and past replenishment behavior. We’ll
then make these products available for customers to find and buy.

If you have created a shipment that’s on its way to a fulfillment center,
we’ll use that information to estimate the in-stock date for your products and
provide an estimated delivery date to customers. If you haven’t created a
shipment, or if we aren’t confident of a shipment’s arrival date, a
“Temporarily out of stock” message will display. These products will not
display an estimated delivery date to customers.

**Note:** We might not make all of your out-of-stock ASINs available to
customers before the products reach the fulfillment center. This could occur
if we aren’t confident that the product will be restocked on time.

**Important:** To increase the probability that your out-of-stock inventory
will be made available to customers, use [Amazon Carrier
Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/), the [Amazon Partnered Carrier
program](/gp/help/201119120), or, for China-based sellers, [Amazon Global
Logistics](https://gs.amazon.cn/agl.htm).

For a seamless customer experience, plan to maintain enough inventory to cover
four to eight weeks of expected sales at all times. Create a shipment as soon
as inventory levels fall below this level. Tracking IDs are required for non-
partnered carriers and help us predict a more accurate delivery promise.

To learn more, watch our [tutorial
video](/learn/widget?moduleId=bd855e9a-98a7-42ec-a5b2-a9fd71de1f62&courseId=ffc5bee2-0351-4b2c-97f9-6a86107a1e33&modLanguage=English).

## How you could benefit

In-Stock Head Start has a number of potential benefits:

  * **Discoverability:** Temporarily out-of-stock products that are likely to be restocked soon will appear in search results, which gives customers a wider selection and can help to increase traffic to your product detail pages. 
  * **Sales:** Customers can buy temporarily out-of-stock products, which can result in improved sales.
  * **Inventory productivity:** Customer orders that are taken before inventory reaches the fulfillment center can reduce the time between shipment and sale.

Learn the benefits of the program:

**Important:** Your fees and [Inventory Performance
Index](/gp/help/G202174810) (IPI) score will not be affected.

## Reconciling your inventory

You can continue using the same Seller Central reports and tools that you've
been using to reconcile your inventory.

The **Available** quantity on [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_fbafulrpts?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;)
reflects the number of units of a SKU that are in the Amazon fulfillment
network and that can be picked, packed, and shipped.

The **Available** quantity reflects the number of units of a SKU in shipments
that are on their way to the fulfillment center, including units that are
available through In-Stock Head Start. If your inventory is eligible for In-
Stock Head Start, the offer for your temporarily out-of-stock item will show
as **Active** on the [Manage FBA
Inventory](/hz/inventory/view/FBAKNIGHTS/ref=xx_fbamnginv_dnav_xx?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;)
page.

To see the number of units that are available through In-Stock Head Start, go
to [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_fbafulrpts?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;),
click the down arrow next to a product's **Available** quantity, and in the
drop-down menu find the **Future supply buyable** quantity.

To see number of units that have been bought while inventory is on its way to
the fulfillment center, go to [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_fbafulrpts?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;),
click the down arrow next to a product's **Available** quantity, and in the
drop-down menu find the **Reserved future supply** quantity.

For example, if you see 70 units of a particular SKU as **Reserved future
supply** and 30 units as **Future supply buyable** , it means that 70 units
have already been bought while the shipment is on its way to the fulfillment
center and that 30 units are still available for customers to buy.

You can also find information about In-Stock Head Start units in the [Manage
FBA Inventory
report](/gp/ssof/reports/search.html#orderAscending=&recordType=FBA_MYI_UNSUPPRESSED_INVENTORY).

**Note:** The **Reserved future supply** and **Future supply buyable** on
[Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_fbafulrpts?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;)
are currently underestimating the quantity for a small number of ASINs. We are
working to fix this issue.

## Frequently asked questions

#### How can I be sure Amazon will deliver customer orders on time?

With In-Stock Head Start, if a customer places an order for an out-of-stock
item, the delivery date will be based on the estimated in-stock date. If your
shipment to a fulfillment center is delayed, we’ll adjust the in-stock date.If
the shipment is not created at the time of customer order placement, a
“Temporarily out of stock” availability message will display and will not show
a delivery promise.

#### Should I change my inventory replenishment cycle because of In-Stock Head
Start?

In-Stock Head Start is intended for products that occasionally go out of
stock. It is not meant to substitute for your regular inventory replenishment
schedule.

Staying in stock will lead to the best customer experience and could lead to
higher sales. Plan to restock your products to maintain enough inventory to
cover four to eight weeks of expected sales. For recommendations, go to
[Restock Inventory](/restockinventory/recommendations?).

#### Why aren't all of my products available to customers if my In-Stock Head
Start status is active?

It could take up to 48 hours to make your products available to customers
after we get the estimated arrival date from carriers through [Amazon Carrier
Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/), the [Partnered Carrier
program](/gp/help/201119120), [Amazon Global
Logistics](https://gs.amazon.cn/agl.htm), or through Tracking IDs that you
have provided.

Also, to protect the customer experience, we might not make all of your out-
of-stock ASINs available to customers before the products reach the
fulfillment center. This could occur if we aren’t confident that the shipment
will arrive on time and contain the expected number of products.

#### What happens if I pause In-Stock Head Start?

Shipments that are created 72 hours after you have paused In-Stock Head Start
won’t be available for customers to find and buy the items before they reach
the fulfillment center.

To pause or restart the program or to check your current status, go to the
[In-Stock Head Start program page](/fba/programs/oos/about).

#### Will I get an email confirmation after I pause or reactivate In-Stock
Head Start?

No, you will not receive an email confirmation. You can check the [program
page](/fba/programs/oos/about) to see your status.

**Note:** It may take up to 48 hours for your status to update after you pause
or reactivate In-Stock Head Start.

#### What happens when Amazon adjusts the delivery promise to customers, but
my shipment is received at the fulfillment center before that date?

Customers might get their order earlier, based on the actual shipment-received
date.

#### My In-Stock Head Start inventory has been stranded. Does this affect my
IPI score?

No. Your IPI score isn't affected by stranded inventory that hasn't arrived at
fulfillment centers.

#### How does Amazon determine which inventory to include in In-Stock Head
Start?

The out-of-stock products that will be available for customers to find and buy
before products reach the fulfillment center are based on a number of factors.
These factors include past shipments that contained the expected number of
products, the historical accuracy of the carrier, and fulfillment center
capacity.

For example, if you consistently ship the number of products listed in your
shipping plan, your products have a higher probability of being made available
to customers when temporarily out of stock.

#### What happens to my Sponsored Ads when my out-of-stock products become
active due to In-Stock Head Start?

Any active Sponsored Ads that are configured for your out-of-stock product
will continue to run when the offer becomes active again and the product is
made available to customers. Use the campaign manager to assess and manage the
existing campaign. For more information, go to [Campaign
management](https://advertising.amazon.com/help?entityId=ENTITY2BTQDNOQHKVQF#GMUNBJUURYFMTHZU).

