---
title: Increase sales
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G43381
section: General Documentation
---

To learn more about the ways to advertise your products, watch this Seller
University video.

Here are areas in which you can focus on:

#### Amazon Selling Coach:

[Amazon Selling Coach](/gp/help/G200380250) offers personalized
recommendations to help you increase your success on Amazon (this feature is
available to seller with [Professional Selling Plans](/gp/help/64491)).

#### Pricing and shipping:

Are your offers priced competitively against comparable products? Can you
offer shipping incentives? Research the competition as you develop a
compelling price point or set up automated pricing to automatically adjust
prices in response to events such as the Featured Offer price. Include
shipping costs in your research. Buyers often see shipping costs as a primary
influence when deciding to make an online purchase. Review the **Manage
Inventory** page to see what the lowest price and the Featured Offer prices
are for each product you offer. For more information, go to [Free
shipping](/gp/help/GGLVN6Y9PZ6W4NSD) and [Automate
Pricing](/gp/help/G201994820).

#### Prime fulfillment:

When you enable Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) for your products, you can
leverage Amazon's fulfillment networks and expertise to make your offers
eligible for Prime and free shipping. You send your products to Amazon
fulfillment centers, and we pack and ship the products to buyers and provide
customer service. For more information, go to [Get started with Fulfillment by
Amazon (FBA)](/gp/help/G53921).

#### Hub by Amazon:

[Hub by Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=17337376011) is a
comprehensive solution that frees you and your staff from daily package
management, from high-rise buildings to garden-style apartments. The Hub does
not require an Amazon Prime membership and does not charge a fee to your
residents.

#### Promotions:

When shopping online, buyers look at the whole range of promotional offerings,
including dollars or percentages off the price, free shipping, and so on.
Amazon found that one promotion-free shipping on orders with eligible items
that total $35 or more-made such an impact on purchase decisions that we made
it a regular feature of our website. Free shipping is often why buyers come
back to Amazon. You, too, can make a great impression on buyers by offering
promotions. For more information, go to [Promotions](/gp/help/G60951).

####  Advertising:

Sponsored Products is an advertising service that helps you promote the
products that you list on Amazon. You choose which products you want to
advertise, assign keywords to those products, and enter a cost-per-click bid.
When an Amazon shopper searches for one of your keywords, your ad is eligible
for display alongside the search results. You pay a fee for this service only
when an Amazon shopper clicks your ad, at which point, the shopper is taken to
the detail page where your offer is listed. Prime Exclusive Discount is a
price discount targeted to Prime members and discoverable throughout the
customer shopping path at Amazon. To learn more, go to [How Sponsored Products
works](/clicks/registration/sponsoredproducts/ref=sc_click_within_adtab_view),
[Coupons](/gp/help/G3QLEV6W2QK84C57), [Lightning Deals](/gp/help/G202043110)
and [Prime Exclusive Discounts](/gp/help/GZG6D3FZA9VSP4XH).

#### Great product details and descriptions:

As you describe your product, include key features with benefits listed in
your bullet points. A well-written product description helps the buyer imagine
the experience of owning or handling your product. Incorporating information
about the feel, usage, and various benefits of your product can inspire
buyers. For more information, go to [Great Detail Pages Drive
Sales](/gp/help/G27381).

#### Clear, high-quality images:

High resolution images with clear details stimulate a buyers' imagination and
inspire them to buy your product. In addition, provide as many different
images as possible. Many product categories allow for the inclusion of swatch
and alternate images. For more information, go to [Product image
requirements](/gp/help/1881).

#### Enhanced brand pages:

If you have a Brand Representative or Reseller role assigned to a brand in
Brand Registry, you can change the product page to describe your product
features in a different way by including a unique brand story, enhanced
images, and text placements. For more information, go to [About A+
content](/gp/help/G202102930).

#### Effective placement:

Do your items show up in the appropriate areas of the store based on the
information that you provided? Some buyers know exactly what they are
searching for, but others will browse by category, so make sure your product
is classified in the right category for easier discovery through browsing.
Explore the breadth and depth of selection in each category and consider where
your items would fit in the category structure. To learn more, go to [Classify
your products](/gp/help/G200216050).

#### Customer service:

Follow up each order with great customer service for an excellent buying
experience. This can lead to great feedback ratings for you as a seller and
instill confidence in buyers when they find your products. For more
information, go to [Communication Guidelines](/gp/help/G1701).

#### Listing internationally:

Listing on Amazon stores around the world can provide you with instant access
to millions of buyers worldwide. Whether you are new to selling
internationally or an experienced international seller, Amazon Global Selling
can help you grow your business. We have online stores around the world,
including United States, Canada, Mexico, United Kingdom, Germany, France,
Italy, Spain, Japan, Australia, TÃ¼rkiye, United Arab Emirates, South Africa,
and India, Belgium, and the Netherlands - and the services and tools to help
you be successful in the global store. For more information, go to [Amazon
Global Selling](/gp/help/G201062890).

####  Exporting inventory for international buyers:

Opt into FBA Export, and Amazon automatically enables eligible products on
Amazon for export. FBA Export is a service available through FBA that can help
you grow your international business with little more than the click of a
button. When out-of-country buyers place orders, Amazon picks, packs, and
ships the product from your inventory. FBA Export eliminates many of the
traditional barriers to shipping products internationally. For more
information, go to [FBA Export.](/gp/help/G200149570)

#### Buy with Prime:

Buy with Prime empowers you to accelerate your growth by offering a Prime
checkout, delivery, and returns experience directly on your ecommerce site.
Prime members who checkout using Buy with Prime on your site get free 1-2 day
shipping and a trusted checkout experience. You then receive the order and
contact information, which you can use to provide customer service and nurture
relationships to build your ecommerce business. Buy with Prime orders are
fulfilled using Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF). This means you can
streamline inventory management using a shared inventory pool to fulfill
orders both on and off [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/). For more
information, go to [Set up Buy with Prime](/gp/help/GNVVBDJCTV3RSY3D).

