---
title: Infant sleep positioning products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GX44XMQX3ZKWRPZR
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on Amazon, you must comply with all applicable laws,
regulations, standards, and our policies related to those products and product
listings.

## Infant sleep positioning products covered by this policy

An infant sleep positioner is typically a free-standing product with an
inclined sleep surface, bolsters, raised supports or pillows attached to each
side. They are designed and marketed to keep infants in a specific position
while sleeping. Sometimes they also feature a wedge to raise the infant’s
head.

#### Accessory inclined sleep products

Accessory inclined sleep products are intended to provide sleeping
accommodations for infants or newborns. These products are attached to, or
supported in some way, by another product and can be either fixed or
adjustable.

#### Compact inclined sleep products

Compact inclined sleep products are also known as infant sleep recliners.

#### Elephant infant sleep pillows

An elephant infant sleep pillow is shaped like an elephant and designed and
marketed to keep an infant in a specific position while sleeping.

#### Hammocks

Hammocks are typically constructed of fabric and suspended from two or more
points across a crib, or suspended from a stand or ceiling.

#### Infant cushions

Infant cushions are typically made with a soft fabric covering, loosely filled
with a granular material such as plastic foam beads or pellets, and are easily
flattened to create a "nest," so that when an infant lies prone on them; are
capable of conforming to the face or body of an infant. Infant cushions are
intended or promoted for use by children under one year of age.

#### Infant head cradlers and pillows

Infant head cradlers and pillows are designed to position and support an
infant’s head, while the infant is laying in a supine position.

#### Infant sleep accessories

Infant sleep accessories are products such as sound and vibration machines or
pads, that can be added on to infant sleep positioning products.

#### Mat with bolsters

Mats with bolsters are a category of infant sleep positioner that includes an
inclined or flat mat with two bolsters or foam pieces, with or without straps.
This category includes wedge mats with two bolsters or foam pieces. Mats with
bolsters used for positioning an infant’s head while in a car seat are not
included in this category.

The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has advised that this type of infant
sleep positioner not be used, due to risk of suffocation.

#### Wedge with bolsters

A wedge with bolsters is a type of infant sleep positioner that includes a
triangle shaped foam piece, which sits under a crib sheet or mattress, in a
crib or bassinet, elevating the head of the sleep surface.

## Our policy for infant sleep positioning products

Customers have to be confident that they’ll find a selection of safe,
reliable, and compliant products on Amazon. We don’t allow the listing or sale
of non-compliant or prohibited products. In the interest of safety, infant
sleep positioning products are prohibited, this includes infant pillows or
cushions if they have one or more of the following features:

  * Flexible fabric covering: The term “fabric” includes those materials covered by the definition of “fabric” in section 2(f) of the Flammable Fabrics Act
  * Loosely filled with a granular material, including, but not limited to, polystyrene beads or pellets
  * Easily flattened
  * Capable of conforming to the body or face of an infant
  * Intended or promoted for use by children under one year of age
  * Makes claims to help treat or improve flat head or plagiocephaly

For more information about prohibited products, go to [Product safety listing
restrictions](/help/hub/reference/external/GRLKLZ6WQ9R259LC).

## Resources

  * [Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/help/hub/reference/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/help/hub/reference/external/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [Restricted products](/gp/help/external/G200164330)

## Additional resources

  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) regulated products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/childrens-products)
  * [U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) website](https://www.fda.gov/forconsumers/consumerupdates/ucm227575.htm)
  * [Flammable Fabrics Act (15 U.S.C. 1191(f))](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/1191)

**Disclaimer:** The information provided on this page does not and is not
intended to constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

