---
title: Intellectual Property Policy for Sellers - FAQ about Trademarks
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZUQ6GBBXQVHQKF2
section: General Documentation
---

A trademark is a type of [intellectual property](/gp/help/G201361070) (IP)
that protects words, symbols, and designs used to identify a company’s goods
or services.

  

  1. **What is a trademark?**

A trademark is a word, symbol or design, or a combination of the same (such as
a brand name or logo) that a company uses to identify its goods or services
and to distinguish them from other companies’ goods and services. Put another
way, a trademark indicates the source of goods or services. Generally,
trademark laws exist to prevent customer confusion about the source of goods
or services.

**Example:** "Amazon" is a trademark we use for many of our goods and
services. Other Amazon trademarks contain both pictures and words, such as the
“Available at Amazon” trademark.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GY7X3DBUXLG4YQKP_Global_en-US.png)  

  2. **How can a trademark owner protect a trademark?**

A trademark owner usually protects a trademark by registering it with a
country-specific trademark office (such as the United States Patent and
Trademark Office). In some cases, a person or company might have trademark
rights based on only the use of a mark in commerce, even though the mark was
never registered with a country-specific trademark office. Those rights are
known as “common law” trademark rights and can be more limited.

  3. **What does trademark law protect?**

Generally, trademark law protects sellers of goods and services from customer
confusion about who provides, endorses, or is affiliated with particular goods
or services. A trademark owner might be able to stop others from using a
particular mark, or a confusingly similar mark, if using the mark is likely to
cause a customer to be confused about whether the product being sold is the
trademark owner’s product.

The United States Patent and Trademark Office offers resources to [learn more
about trademarks](https://www.uspto.gov/trademarks-getting-started/trademark-
basics)

  4. **Where are trademarks displayed on detail pages?**

Trademarks are often displayed on Amazon's product detail pages in the form of
product, brand names listed on a product detail page, in the listing Title,
“Byline”, Bullet Points, Product Description and even the “Shipped by/Sold by”
fields. For example, the trademark "Pinzon" appears in the brand name or
"byline" portion of the product detail page shown below. The "Pinzon"
trademark also appears in the product name portion of the product detail page
("Pinzon Flannel Sheet Set - King, Sage"). In the listing and brand stores, a
company’s logo may also be displayed.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GQL56TBF8VFW25NV_Global_en-US.png)  

  5. **Do I always need the rights owner’s permission to use a trademark in the creation of a product detail page?**

You must consider the use of someone else’s trademark carefully. Usually, the
unauthorized use of a trademark in the creation of a detail page is infringing
if it is likely to cause confusion as to the source, endorsement, or
affiliation of the goods. However, just because you are not the owner of a
trademark does not necessarily mean that you cannot sell another company’s
product. Nonetheless, it is important that you clearly distinguish between
yourself - the seller, and the trademark owner - the source of the product.

**Example:** If you are selling a genuine Pinzon sheet set and you are
advertising the product as a Pinzon sheet set, you might not be causing
confusion as to the source or affiliation of the goods (in other words,
Pinzon) and, if not, are not infringing on the Pinzon trademark.

  6. **As a seller, when can I use someone else’s trademark in the creation of a product detail page?**

Typically, a seller can use someone else’s trademark in the following
circumstances:

  

    1. When selling authentic goods, a seller may use a trademarked name to list those goods. For example, a seller who lists an authentic “Pinzon” product is not necessarily infringing on the owner of the Pinzon trademark because the seller is using the trademark to identify an authentic product.
    2. When using a trademarked word in its ordinary dictionary meaning.
    3. When making truthful statements that a product is compatible with a trademarked product. For example, if you offer a cable that is compatible with the Kindle e-reader, you can use the brand name “Kindle” to indicate that compatibility in the text of your detail page. You cannot use a logo to indicate compatibility, only the brand name. Any statement you make about compatibility must be true. 

If you want to indicate the compatibility of your product with a product of a
different brand in the product title, build your product title using the
format below, taking account of the [Amazon Brand Name
Policy](/gp/help/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ). If you do not apply this format to your
product title, your listing may be removed as potentially trademark
infringing.

**Title format for branded compatible products**

[Your Product’s Brand Name] + [Product Name] + "for"/”compatible
with”/”fits”/”intended for” + [Brand of Main Product] + [Main Product Name] +
(other product title elements, if applicable)

Examples:

       * Xandu USB charging cable, compatible with AmazonBasics speaker
       * TonTon Sleeve intended for Kindle Fire

**Title format for generic compatible products**

"Generic" + [Product Name] + "for"/”compatible with”/”fits”/”intended for” +
[Brand of Main Product] + [Main Product Name] + (other product title elements,
if applicable)

Example:

Generic Replacement filter for AmazonBasics Waterfilter A3

**Note:** When making genuine claims that a product is compatible with a
trademarked product, use either of these terms that indicate compatibility as
listed above, in the bullet point and product description as well.

    4. When selling authentic goods that can be customized by the buyer (that is, print-on-demand) using the seller’s own equipment. For example, a seller prints a custom, personalized message or picture on an authentic “Callaway” golf ball.

You are responsible for not fulfilling orders that infringe on a trademark
owner’s rights. Even if the infringing content is provided to you by the
customer for their customized order, you must not fulfill the order. For
example, if a customer requests to add the Amazon logo to a customized
t-shirt, you must not agree to fulfill this order.

If you want to sell customizable products, follow these guidelines:

       * Build your product title as follows: 

Title format for branded customizable products

“Customized”/”Personalized” [Product Name] + “created using”/”personalized
from”/”made with” + [Brand of Main Product] + [Main Product Name] + {other
product title elements, if applicable)

Examples:  

         1. Customized lighter made with Zippo Lighter
         2. Personalized Xandu Tumbler created using a Yeti Tumbler

       * Do not include original packaging in the product images if you are selling a customized good.
       * Do not list the brand of the product you are customizing under Brand in the product description.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/02/rainier/help/image1.png)  

Example of improperly formatted custom listing

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/02/rainier/help/image2.png)  

Example of corrected custom listing

If you do not adhere to these formats, your listing may be removed as
potentially trademark infringing.

  7. **How can I make sure that I am not violating trademark law when selling on Amazon?**

When you decide to sell products on Amazon, ask yourself the following
questions:  

    1. Are the goods I am selling from a reputable distributor?
    2. How did I acquire these goods, and will I be able to prove they are authentic if asked to do so?
    3. Will the way I am describing these goods confuse customers? For example, would something about your product detail page for the generic sheet set cause customers to believe they are purchasing a Pinzon sheet set?
    4. Did I use a brand name or trademark in a non-confusing and truthful manner to describe compatibility (generally allowed) instead of similarity (not allowed)?

The table below shows examples of correctly and incorrectly branded listings
under Amazon listing policy:

Listing title | Brand | Status of listing  
---|---|---  
AmazonBasics Speaker | (blank) | **Inactive** listing due to incorrect Brand field. Because the Brand attribute is blank (not “AmazonBasics”), the listing title cannot imply that the product is an AmazonBasics product.  
AmazonBasics Speaker | AmazonBasics | **Active** listing, with correct Brand field use and acceptable title.  
Six foot USB charging cable, compatible with AmazonBasics speaker | (blank) | **Active** listing, with acceptable title and Brand field use, IF the charging cable is compatible with AmazonBasics speakers. Title indicates compatibility without implying that this is an AmazonBasics branded product; Brand field may be blank for generic product.  
Wireless Speakers with six foot USB charging cable, compatible with AmazonBasics speaker | Wireless Speakers Inc. | **Active** listing, with correct Brand Field use and acceptable title, IF the charging cable is compatible with AmazonBasics speakers.  
  
  8. **What is counterfeiting?**

Counterfeiting is a specific type of trademark infringement. A counterfeit is
an unlawful total or partial reproduction of a registered trademark or a mark
that is very similar to a registered trademark in connection with the sale of
a product that does not come from the trademark holder.

Counterfeiting requires the use of a registered trademark on the product or
packaging. Registered trademarks can protect the brand name the product is
sold under, a logo on the product, or the shape or look of the product itself.
An item that looks like or is identical to a trademarked item is not
counterfeit if the item is sold on a separate product detail page and does not
improperly use a registered trademark. However, in cases where a registered
trademark protects the shape or appearance of a product itself, identical
products may be counterfeit even if they do not feature a brand name or logo.

**Note:** Items that are not counterfeit may nonetheless infringe the
intellectual property rights of others. You are responsible for ensuring that
you do not list infringing products. You must consult a lawyer if you have a
specific question about your IP rights or the IP rights of others.

For more information, go to [Amazon's Anti-Counterfeiting
policy](/gp/help/G201165970).

  9. **How do I register a trademark?**

To learn more about how to register a trademark for your brand, watch these
Seller University videos:

Register a trademark for your brand

Register a trademark through IP Accelerator

