---
title: Inventory performance
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202174810
section: General Documentation
---

The [Inventory Performance dashboard](/inventory-performance/dashboard) helps
you identify opportunities to grow your sales, reduce costs, and track key
performance metrics.

## Inventory Performance Index

The Inventory Performance Index, or IPI, is a metric to gauge your inventory
performance over time.

IPI score measures how efficient and productive you are in managing your FBA
inventory. Multiple factors could influence your IPI score, however, the most
important ones are your actions:

  * Maintain a balanced inventory level between sold inventory and inventory at a fulfillment center and avoid excess and aged inventory.
  * Avoid long-term storage fees.
  * Fix listing problems.
  * Keep your most popular products in stock at the right levels, when possible, to meet customer demand and maximize customer satisfaction.

For more information, go to [IPI frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GZJF4DY2W6MERBAL).

## Categories that influence your IPI score

There are four categories of recommendations to help improve your IPI score:

  * Avoiding excess and aged inventory. A good guideline is to maintain enough inventory to cover 30 to 60 days of your expected sales.
  * Improving your 90 day rolling **sell-through** by maintaining the right balance of inventory over the same time period
  * Ensuring that inventory is buyable by fixing listings that are **stranded**
  * Increasing sales by keeping popular items **in stock**

The [Inventory Performance dashboard](/inventory-performance/dashboard)
displays a performance bar for each of the four categories:

  * **Excellent (dark green)**

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/icons/performance_bar_excellent._V518399011_.png)  

  * **Good (light green)**

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/icons/performance_bar_good._V518399839_.png)  

  * **Fair (yellow)**

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/icons/performance_bar_fair._V518399787_.png)  

  * **Poor (red)**

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/icons/performance_bar_poor._V518399807_.png)  

The Inventory Performance page also provides additional metrics within each
factor, which you can see by selecting **Show more details**. Clicking the
**Show more details** box associated with each category will take you to
related inventory management tools that provide recommendations to improve
your performance.

##  Excess inventory percentage

We consider an item to be excess if it has over 90 days of supply based on the
forecasted demand.

Track your **Excess inventory percentage** , which is the percentage of your
FBA inventory units that have been identified as excess.

In addition to the performance bar, three related metrics are displayed with
the excess inventory percentage on the Inventory Performance dashboard:

  * **Excess units** refers to the number of units for which it costs you more to do nothing and pay the storage fees instead of taking an action such as marking down the price or removing inventory. This value is based on the customer demand for your product and product costs (including fees and the cost of goods).
  * **Estimated total storage cost** is the sum of estimated costs that you would incur if you took no action and left your inventory idle in the fulfillment center over three years. This includes [monthly inventory storage fees](/gp/help/G3EDYEF6KUCFQTNM) and [long-term storage fees](/gp/help/G200684750).
  * The **Reduce excess inventory** button shows how many SKUs you have with excess inventory. Click the button to go to [Manage Inventory Health](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) and take action on the inventory.

## Stranded inventory percentage

When inventory is not available for buy due to a listing problem, it can
result in lost sales and storage costs. This inventory is referred to as
stranded inventory. Your **stranded inventory percentage** is the percentage
of your FBA inventory units that are currently not available for purchase on
Amazon.

In addition to the performance bar, two related metrics are displayed with the
stranded inventory percentage on the Inventory Performance dashboard:

  * **Stranded units** is your total count of units in a fulfillment center without an active listing.
  * Click **Fix listings** to go to the [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory) page to see how many SKUs have units in a fulfillment center but do not have an active offer.

## FBA sell-through rate

Maintain the right balance of inventory with your **FBA sell-through rate** ,
which is your units shipped over the past 90 days divided by the average
number of units on hand in our fulfillment centers during that time period.

In addition to the performance bar, two related metrics are displayed with
your FBA sell-through rate on the Inventory Performance dashboard:

  * **Units sold (past 90 days)** are the total FBA units sold and shipped in the past 90 days.
  * The **Improve sell-through** button shows the number of ASINs that have an opportunity to improve sell-through. Click the button to go to [Manage Inventory Health](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) to see recommendations.

## FBA in-stock rate

Keeping popular, replenishable products in stock helps maximize your sales.
You can track your performance in this category using the **FBA in-stock
rate** , which is the percent of time your replenishable FBA ASINs have been
in stock during the last 30 days, weighted by the number of units sold for
each SKU in the last 60 days.

You can indicate that a SKU is non-replenishable in [Restock
Inventory](/restockinventory/recommendations) by going to the drop-down menu
in the **Action** column and selecting **Hide recommendation**. Hiding all
SKUs associated with an ASIN will exclude the ASIN from your FBA in-stock rate
and estimated FBA lost sales.

In addition to the performance bar, two related metrics are displayed under
the replenishable FBA in-stock rate percentage on the Inventory Performance
dashboard:

  * **Estimated FBA lost sales in the last 30 days** is equal to the forecasted unit sales on days that your products were out of stock multiplied by the average sales price. 
  * The **Restock today** button shows the number of SKUs for which the days of supply is less than the restock lead time. Orders from your supplier may need to be expedited to avoid going out of stock.

