---
title: Inventory Defect and Reimbursement (IDR) Portal
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G66ZLS453YSE2Y4R
section: General Documentation
---

The [Inventory Defect and Reimbursement (IDR) portal](/inventory-
reimbursement/overview) is a single, centralized portal to manage inventory-
related defects in Amazon’s network and their associated resolutions. This
portal provides you with visibility into all defect statuses, including
defects eligible for claims, defects under review (where no action is required
from you), and resolved defects with the reason for our decision.

IDR incorporates information from five different reports and applies the [FBA
reimbursement policy](/help/hub/reference/G200213130) checks on defects,
eliminating the need for you to research and identify reimbursable
opportunities manually. The valuable insights into the frequency of different
types of defects empowers you with a deeper understanding of the defect
landscape. You have access to a detailed view of each defect, including its
type, creation date, actions taken and reasons, and current status. This level
of transparency and centralization streamlines your operations and reduces the
administrative burden on your teams.

The portal provides coverage for inventory defects related to items lost in
Amazon’s fulfillment centers (warehouse lost), items damaged in fulfillment
centers (warehouse damage), and defects that occur during customer returns.

## IDR Portal overview

The IDR portal gives you a comprehensive overview of all inventory defects,
categorized by their respective status. It enables you to assess the health of
your inventory and identify any defect trends based on time periods, item
SKUs, or defect areas. Global filters that are applicable to all four pages of
the IDR portal help you to customize your defect research:

  * **Date Range** : Here you can select either a predefined or custom-selected date range to view inventory defects created during a specific time period.
  * **Product Search** : You can filter your search by SKU, ASIN, or FNSKU which allows you to identify the defect volumes associated with your top SKUs. This filter enables you to determine which products experience higher rates of damage or loss, and investigate the underlying causes behind these defects. For example, if you notice that a SKU has consistently high damage rates, you can collaborate with your manufacturers to assess whether packaging improvements could reduce damages.
  * **Event Type** : This filter allows you to view defects by events that occurred in the warehouse operations space (warehouse damage and lost), or by events that occurred in the customer returns space. 

Defects are organized into different status categories, such as Eligible for
Claim, In Progress (under review with Amazon), or Resolved. This clear
categorization ensures that you always have a pulse on the current state of
defects and reimbursements. From this centralized view, you can drill down
into specific discrepancies, explore detailed insights, and take any necessary
actions, all within the same interface. This information is summarized by
different cards on the overview page:

  * **Overview** : The total number of units with potential defect in the warehouse operations or customer returns space during the selected timeline.
  * **Eligible for Claim** : The total number of units that may have some defect. These require your review or input before we can initiate research and decide on an outcome for the claim. By clicking this card, you’ll be redirected to the page showing all defects eligible for claim.
  * **In Progress** : The total number of units that may have some defect and are currently under review with Amazon. You can select this card to view more information about the defects that are under review with us.
  * **Resolved** : The total number of units where Amazon has already resolved the defect, and the reason it was resolved. You can select this card to view more information related to the defects that have already been resolved. The card also displays the total amount of cash reimbursement issued to you along with the total units for which the reimbursement was issued.
  * **Defect Status Trend** : This is a graphical visual that displays unit defects and their resolutions broken down by the status of the defect along a selected time period. The information may help you prioritize filing claims for defects that are approaching the end of the claim eligibility window. 

**Note:** Additional FBA reimbursement terms and definitions can be found by
going to the [Reimbursements report
(overview)](/help/hub/reference/G200732720).

## Eligible for Claim

This page provides an overview of all the defects that qualify for claims by
combining information from the inventory ledger report, customer returns
report, reimbursement report, and Amazon’s [FBA reimbursement
policy](/help/hub/reference/G200213130). It will help you avoid creating
duplicate cases, and decrease research time for defects. Defect aggregated by
defect type is displayed with a bar chart that is organized in descending
order of defect volume, allowing you to prioritize claims for the top defect
type.

Additionally, the table on this page will provide you with the details you
require to file a claim, such as the product details (FNSKU, ASIN, SKU), event
date and type, defect type, transaction ID, order ID, and quantity. It
eliminates the need to use multiple reports when creating a case with Amazon.

In addition to the global filters mentioned previously, the page contains the
following filters to help you customize your view:

  * **Defect Type** : This filters defects by type to help you file claims efficiently. The defect types include warehouse damage, warehouse lost, carrier damage, customer damage, defective, fulfiller damage, sellable, return not received, in transit, not returnable (Amazon fault), and not returnable (not Amazon fault).
  * **Order ID/Transaction ID** : Using this filter will provide you a filtered list of defects in the table by entered order or transaction ID.

**Note:** These filters are also applicable to the other status types, In
Progress and Resolved.

## In Progress

This page is a centralized hub where you'll find all the defects that are
currently undergoing investigation by Amazon. This eliminates the need to
research and determine whether a claim has already been raised for an open
defect.

The table on this page provides you with detailed information on each In
Progress claim such as the SKU, discrepancy type, and quantity. For example,
if you have a customer return order where Amazon is awaiting the item's
return, the table will reflect that defect giving you visibility into its
status. At this stage, no action is required from you. Once we receive and
grade the returned item, we'll move that defect to the **Eligible for Claims**
page if action is needed on your part.

**Note:** The **In Progress** page also tracks manually filed claims. You can
use the **case filter** to track these claims separately.

## Resolved

This page provides a view of all resolved defects and the reasoning behind our
decisions. It lists all defects resolved by Amazon providing you with
information such as product details, event date and type, defect type, case
ID, resolution type and date, resolved quantity, reason for the resolution,
and reimbursement type. If we resolve the defect by reimbursing you, it will
also provide information on whether the claim was reimbursed in cash or by
inventory.

You can view granular resolution information by using the following features:

  * **Defect Types - Top 5** : A bar chart that displays all units by defect type in descending order, focusing on the top 5 types. This allows you to analyze your defects by the most common defects impacting your units.
  * **Resolution Distribution** : This is a pie chart that organizes the defects a by resolution types (Reimbursed, Reconcile, and Ineligible).
  * **Resolution filter** : This provides you with a filtered list of defects by resolution type in the table. Using this filter allows you to focus on one resolution type for easier analysis.

**Note:** Ineligible defects are also listed here with an explanation for why
they’re ineligible. For example, if a customer-returned item is graded as
defective, the table will clearly show that the defect is ineligible for
reimbursement, as per our policy.

## Access the IDR Portal

To access the [IDR portal](/inventory-reimbursement/overview), you must be
signed in to Seller Central. From there you can access the portal several ways
from the **Menu** :

  1. From the **Inventory** tab:   

    1. Select **Dashboard** under **Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)**
    2. Select the **Inventory** dropdown
    3. Select [Inventory Defect and Reimbursement](/inventory-reimbursement/overview)

  2. From [Fulfillment Reports](/reportcentral/WelcomePage):   

    1. Scroll to the **Reimbursements** section under **Reconciling Inventory**
    2. Select [Inventory Defect and Reimbursement](/inventory-reimbursement/overview)

  3. From [Reimbursements](/reportcentral/REIMBURSEMENTS/0) or [FBA customer returns](/reportcentral/CUSTOMER_RETURNS/0)   

    1. Select [Inventory Defect and Reimbursement](/inventory-reimbursement/overview)from the information banner near the top

