---
title: IPI frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZJF4DY2W6MERBAL
section: General Documentation
---

This page provides answers to common questions about the [Inventory
Performance Index (IPI)](/gp/help/G202174810).

The IPI score and the Inventory Performance dashboard are available only for
sellers with a Professional selling plan.

## Introduction to the Inventory Performance Index (IPI)

Learn what IPI is and how it can help you keep the right amount of inventory
on hand for customer orders.

## How is IPI score calculated?

IPI score measures how efficient and productive you are in managing your FBA
inventory. Multiple factors could influence your IPI score, however, the most
important ones are based on your actions:

  * Maintain a balanced inventory level between sold and on-hand inventory and avoid excess and aged inventory.
  * Avoid long-term storage fees.
  * Fix listing problems.
  * Keep your most popular products in stock at the right levels to meet customer demand and maximize customer satisfaction.

Your IPI score is designed to represent your overall inventory performance and
considers both your recent and long-term inventory performance. When you take
actions to improve your inventory efficiency, these actions can take time to
result in IPI score improvements. The IPI is built to account for seasonality
or unexpected disruptions in your business, allowing your long-term inventory
performance to serve as your safeguard and prevent your IPI score from short-
term fluctuations. This gives you more time to adjust your business and manage
your inventory more efficiently in different circumstances.

## What's the best way to improve my IPI score, and what should I prioritize?

While every seller's business is different, we recommend the following general
guidelines to manage your inventory performance:

  * Improve your 90-day rolling sell-through by maintaining a sell-through that places you in the green (or “good”) range year-round. This means you are balancing between holding too much inventory (excess) and too little inventory (scarce). Go to [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) to see recommendations on your inventory. You can filter by inventory age ranges or sort the **Sell-through** column to see products with the lowest sell-through. To increase sell-through, you can increase sales in relation to your on-hand inventory and remove inventory that is not selling. To reduce sell-through, follow Amazon’s restock recommendations, and ensure your products remain at healthy inventory levels.
  * Reduce your excess inventory. A good guideline to avoid excess inventory is to maintain enough inventory to cover 30 to 60 days of your expected sales. Go to [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) to see recommended actions on products that are aged or overstock.  Use [Amazon Outlet](https://www.amazon.com/b/?node=517808) to sell your overstock and out-of-season products. On FBA Inventory, select the recommendation filter **Create Outlet deal** to see products that are eligible for Amazon Outlet. In addition, you can use [Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/gp/help/G200332450) to sell your inventory on other sales channels such as your own website. 
  * Reduce or avoid long-term storage fees by removing inventory before it reaches 365 days in a fulfillment center. You can set up your account to [remove aged inventory automatically](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200678710).
  * Fix listing problems in a timely manner. Regularly check your [Stranded inventory percentage](/inventory-performance/dashboard). Stranded inventory means you have sellable products in an Amazon fulfillment center that don't have an active listing and therefore can't be sold to customers. If you have inventory that is incurring fees without the possibility of sales, this can reduce your IPI score, so it is important to fix listing issues quickly.

## How does my IPI score affect capacity limits?

If you have a Professional selling account, you’ll receive capacity limits
based on your IPI score, as well as other factors such as sales forecasts for
your ASINs, shipment lead time, and fulfillment center capacity. By improving
your IPI score, you can receive a higher capacity limit.

## Do new ASINs affect my IPI score?

Newly created ASINs in their first 90 days do not affect your IPI score.

## Are removals or liquidations included in the IPI?

Once a removal order or liquidation request is placed, the inventory is no
longer considered in your IPI score. Remember that actions taken today, like a
removal order, will take time to reflect in your IPI score.

## How are capacity limits determined?

Your FBA capacity limit is influenced by your IPI score, as well as other
factors such as sales forecasts for your ASINs, shipment lead time, and
fulfillment center capacity. Go to [FBA capacity
limits](/gp/help/GAFNWEYTJUV2GBFC) for more information.

## How do I know which IPI score is used to determine my storage volume
limits?

We will inform you four to eight weeks before the new period limit goes into
effect what the IPI threshold will be and which IPI score-check weeks we will
use to evaluate if you will be subject to storage volume limits. You can check
your IPI scores for the current and past weeks on your [Inventory performance
dashboard](/inventory-performance/dashboard). The week that applies to your
current score is shown just above your score, and you can view past weeks by
clicking **Show details** below your score.

## Why is my product showing as excess after being recently sent to a
fulfillment center if I plan to sell it over the next 100 days?

In calculating your IPI score, we consider an item to be excess or overstock
if it has over 90 days of supply based on the forecasted demand.

## How does my FBA in-stock rate affect my IPI score?

Your in-stock rate indicates in general how well you replenish your inventory
to meet the demand from customers. The in-stock rate itself is not a direct
input into your IPI score, and a low in-stock rate does not hurt your score,
unless your most popular products consistently go out of stock, and the
products that remain in-stock have low sales, or are excess or aged.

## How does flagging an ASIN as non-replenishable affect my IPI score?

Marking a listing as non-replenishable does not affect your IPI score. It
simply removes the ASIN from your FBA in-stock rate calculation to keep it
accurate, allowing you to keep your in-stock rate up to date. Your on-hand
inventory performance affects your IPI score.

## How can I improve my sell-through rate?

Effective inventory management requires a balance between holding too much
inventory (excess) and too little inventory (scarce).

A low sell-through rate indicates that inventory level is too high, and some
inventory may be unproductive. The two main ways to increase sell-through are
to increase sales in relation to your on-hand inventory and to remove
inventory that is not selling. To improve sales, consider your
[pricing](/gp/help/STH6YN3BR8XNWBW), and where applicable, create sales,
improve keywords, advertise with [Sponsored
Products](https://services.amazon.com/advertising/overview.html), or use
[Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/gp/help/G200332450) to sell your inventory on
external channels. To learn more about removing inventory, go to [Remove
inventory (overview)](/gp/help/G200280650).

A very high sell-through rate can indicate scarce inventory levels, which can
lead to slower customer delivery and out of stocks. To reduce sell-through,
follow Amazon’s restock recommendations, and ensure your products remain at
healthy inventory levels.

## How is the sell-through rate calculated?

Sell-through rate is updated daily and looks at the past 90 days of shipped
units and average inventory over that same period. We encourage you to try to
maintain a **sell-through rate** in the green (or “good” rating) year-round.

Your FBA sell-through rate is your sold and shipped units over the past 90
days divided by the average number of units in stock in our fulfillment
centers during that period. We calculate your available average units by
taking a snapshot of your inventory levels today and 30, 60, and 90 days ago.
For example, suppose you shipped 120 units in the past 90 days and had an
average of 80 units available during that period. Your sell-through rate would
be 120 divided by 80, which equals 1.5, as shown below.

**Total units sold (cumulative) in the past 90 days** | 120 units  
---|---  
  
Date | Today | 30 days ago | 60 days ago | 90 days ago  
---|---|---|---|---  
Inventory available | 80 units |  150 units (new shipment of 150 units received) | 40 units | 50 units  
  
Average available inventory = (50 + 40 + 150 + 80) / 4 = 80 units

Sell-through rate = 120/80 = 1.5

## Why don't I have an IPI score?

An IPI score is available only for sellers with a Professional selling plan,
inventory at a fulfillment center, and recent account activity. If you are new
to FBA or have not been active in the past 13 weeks, you may not have an IPI
score until more data is available. If you use FBA only for [Multi-Channel
Fulfillment](/gp/help/G200332450) and do not sell in Amazon’s store, you also
may not have an IPI score.

