---
title: IRS Form 1099-K â€“ form generation and payee information FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GT86AHE3YMNCB4P4
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. If you have other
questions, contact your tax, legal, or other professional adviser.

There has been a recent change in tax reporting rules relating to U.S. third-
party settlement organizations and payment processors, including Amazon. The
law reduces the thresholds from $20,000 in unadjusted gross sales and more
than 200 transactions down to $600 and no transaction threshold for IRS Form
1099-K. However, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has delayed the effective
date of the new reporting threshold, and as an interim measure is planning to
implement a $5,000 threshold for the calendar year 2024 only.

If you did not meet the tax reporting threshold, you will not receive an IRS
Form 1099-K from Amazon. You can learn more about the threshold changes
[here](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-1099-k).

**Note:** Certain states have a different tax reporting threshold than the
federal (IRS) threshold. Consult the IRS and your tax professional advisor to
understand your state and federal reporting tax obligations.

IRS regulations require non-US taxpayers to provide a Form W-8 to Amazon in
order to be exempt from US tax reporting requirements.

#### When will I receive my Form 1099-K?

Amazon will provide your Form 1099-K to you on or before January 31 of the
following year via electronic or physical mail delivery, depending on your
selected preference. By default, the form will be postmarked on or before
January 31 and will be mailed to the address provided by you in the tax
interview.

#### I did not receive my Form 1099-K in the mail. What address was it mailed
to?

The Form 1099-K was mailed to the address you provided in the tax interview.
You can also retrieve the form from your seller account. From the **Reports**
section, select **Tax document library** , followed by the appropriate year,
and then **Form 1099-K**. Click **Download PDF link**.

#### Can I receive my Form 1099-K via email?

If you signed up for e-delivery, your tax forms will be emailed to you by
January 31, of the following year. To sign up for e-delivery, you must retake
the [self-service tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-redirect) and
provide an e-signature at the end.

#### Can I find my Form 1099-K in my seller account?

From the **Reports** section in your Seller Central account, select **Tax
document library** , followed by the appropriate year, and then **Form
1099-K**. Ensure you are signed in as the primary user as only the primary
user can access forms in the Tax Document Library.

#### Are there instructions on how to use the Form 1099-K for my tax return?

To find out how this legislation and Form 1099-K affect your business, or if
you have other questions, contact your tax, legal, or other professional
advisor.

For individual filers, see these [IRS
instructions](http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1040sc.pdf).

For legal entity filers, see [Form 1120](http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-
pdf/i1120.pdf).

For more information on IRS Form 1099-K, go to the IRS website at [Form
1099-K](https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i1099k.pdf).

#### I believe there is an error on the Form 1099-K I was issued. How do I get
an updated Form 1099-K?

If the error is related to:

**Incorrect address** : To update your address, you must complete the [self-
service tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-redirect) to submit the
required information. Be sure to provide an e-signature at the end for faster
processing. Note that this will only update your address for tax purposes. For
more information, visit the [U.S. Tax Interview
FAQ](/help/hub/reference/GVYFQEJQAF2TSYEH).

**Incorrect tax ID or name** : Your IRS Form 1099-K was issued based on the
tax information on file at the time the payment was made. To make an update,
you must complete the [self-service tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-
interview-redirect) to submit the required information. Be sure to provide an
e-signature at the end for faster processing. For more information, visit the
[U.S. Tax Interview FAQ](/help/hub/reference/GVYFQEJQAF2TSYEH).

**Change of information** : If you have provided Amazon with updated tax
information during the calendar year, you will receive a separate 1099-K form
for each Tax Identification Number (TIN) that met the reporting thresholds for
the calendar year.

**Amount** : If you are referencing your bank account or your settlement
report from Amazon, note that per IRS regulations, the amounts listed on your
IRS Form 1099-K represent the unadjusted gross sales that occurred and not the
actual bank transfers. Unadjusted gross sales represent your total sales
unadjusted for fees or refunds. The amount is the total buyers paid for
orders, even if orders were later refunded.

**Note:** Amazon will not issue an updated Form 1099-K. It is the seller's
responsibility to have updated information on file in all of their selling
accounts.

#### Will I receive a Form 1099-K for my account even though my unadjusted
gross sales are below the reportable threshold?

If you did not meet both of these thresholds, you will not receive a Form
1099-K. We will track your unadjusted gross sales and you too will be able to
tell if you have exceeded the thresholds by monitoring your unadjusted gross
sales and transactions in your account.

#### Are the reported amounts on my Form 1099-K in USD or local currency?

All non-U.S. regions (such as EU, Japan) have their Form 1099-K reported in
USD. However, your Seller Central date range reports provide transactional
amounts in local currency. When generating a Form 1099-K, Amazon uses a daily
exchange rate that is applied on the date the transaction is booked.

#### Is the reported amount calculated based on net sales or gross sales?

The reported amount is calculated based on unadjusted gross sales. Unadjusted
gross sales mean the total sales, unadjusted for fees or refunds. It is the
amount the buyer paid for an order even if the order is later refunded.

#### Why are sales tax and shipping charges included in my unadjusted gross
sales amount?

Unadjusted gross sales equal the amount the buyer paid for the order and
includes sales proceeds, sales tax, and gift-wrap and shipping charges.

#### Doesn't the gross sales amount change if I refund an order?

No. When you make a sale, the order total becomes a permanent part of your
unadjusted gross sales for the year. Even if you later refund the entire
amount a buyer paid for an order, the order total is still included in your
unadjusted gross sales calculation. The IRS regulations require that no
adjustments to gross transaction amounts be made. Seek advice from a tax
professional to understand the appropriate adjustments when preparing your tax
return.

Here is an example that includes a discount to the buyer, an Amazon fee, and
an eventual full refund to the buyer:

Item price: $100

Seller promotional discount: -$10 (subtracted before the gross sales amount is
calculated)

Shipping charge: $15

Order total: $105 (gross sales amount)

Amazon fee: -$20 (subtracted after the gross sales amount is calculated)

The buyer is later refunded in full.

Buyer credit of the order total: -$105

Seller credit of the Amazon fee: $20

Net: $0

The gross sales amount for the purposes of calculating annual gross sales is
$105, even after the refund.

#### If I have multiple seller accounts with the same tax identification
number and they exceed the thresholds when the account totals are combined,
will you file a Form 1099-K for my combined seller accounts?

Yes. Unadjusted gross sales will be consolidated for all accounts that share
the same TIN. A Form 1099-K is issued by Amazon as applicable for each
jurisdiction you sell in. If you sell across different regions with Amazon,
you may receive more than one Form 1099-K. Provide your TIN in each of your
accounts regardless of thresholds. This will help ensure that we report all
accounts with the same TIN on Form 1099-K as required by the regulations.

