---
title: Issue Concessions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200359070
section: General Documentation
---

## Concessions  
  
Sellers may occasionally want to compensate buyers for order issues as an
alternative or in addition to refunding basic order costs. When a buyer
receives a defective item, for example, the seller may cover the cost of
return shipping in order to retrieve the item. If a buyer is disappointed in
not receiving the color of item they expected but they are willing to keep the
item, a seller may choose to make a monetary goodwill concession to the buyer.

Sellers must have sufficient funds in order to issue a concession. Both the
full and partial refund options in **Manage Orders** allow sellers to make
concessions to buyers. There are line items for two types of concessions:

  * Return shipping
  * Additional refunds

When a concession is issued, the full amount of the concession will be debited
from the seller's account.

## Refunds and Concessions

On the **Refund order** screen, concession line items will show specific
maximum amounts for the **Return Shipping** and **Additional refunds** fields.

To issue a concession from the **Refund order** screen, follow these steps:  

  1. On the **Refund Order** page
     * Required: Select the appropriate Reason for refund. This will automatically default to **Customer Return**.
     * Optional: Add a **Note to yourself**. Sellers can create a **Note to yourself** when issuing concessions or refunds. This field allows you to track the actions you have taken on a return request. The memo accepts 255 characters and you may continue to edit information as needed.
  2. Enter the amount of the Return shipping or Additional refunds concession in the **Amount to refund/charge** box.
     * Limits are displayed next to the **Amount to refund/charge** box.

**Note:** The **Refund** option for **Return Shipping**  is available only for
seller-faulted returns made using Amazonâ€™s [Prepaid returns for seller-
fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G202072200). The **Charge** option is available
only for buyer-faulted returns. To learn more, refer to [Return Reason codes
for Prepaid Returns](/gp/help/202080050).

  3. Click the **Submit Refund** button. Allow up to 15 minutes for the data to update.

## Billing for Concessions

Concessions are processed in a specific order. However, as concessions are not
refunds of order costs, concessions are not adjusted for order-related Amazon
fees. Such adjustments are only made when original order amounts (such as
product price and shipping) are refunded to the buyer. Accordingly, the full
amount of the concession is debited from the seller account.

Concessions are displayed in the "Other" line-item on the **Payments Summary**
page. The "Other" line-item in the Summary view also includes refunds of order
costs not displayed separately in the summary, such as shipping. Therefore, a
shipping refund and a return shipping concession for the same order will be
aggregated on your summary.

In the **Transaction Details** display, the "Other" refund amount gives a
breakdown of order refunds and concessions. In this view, a shipping refund
will be displayed as "Shipping" while a return shipping concession will be
displayed as an "Other" transaction. In addition, Return Shipping Concessions
and Other Concessions are consolidated in a single "Other" line-item. If you
issue a $10 Return Shipping Concession and a $20 Other Concession, you will
see a $30 "Other" amount.

Concession amounts will be debited from the seller's account and balanced
against available funds. Negative account balances may be handled in any
manner permitted under the terms of your [selling agreement](/gp/help/G1791).

## Concession Processing for Buyers

Concessions are issued to the payment instrument the buyer used for their
order. This means that the buyer will see a credit on their statement if they
used a credit card for the order. If the buyer used both a credit card and an
Amazon gift card or gift certificate for their order, the concession amount
will be applied to the credit card. If both a concession amount and an order
refund are issued, the buyer will see two entries on their statement.

## Concessions and Seller Performance

Concessions do not contribute to the refund percentage in your seller
performance metrics. If one or more products in an order are fully refunded,
then the order is counted as a refunded order and is included in your Refund
Rate.

