---
title: Issue refunds and concessions for seller-fulfilled orders
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GU7K5N5GUP67M4X9
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** You are required to issue a refund within two business days
after you have received a return. If you do not take action regarding the
refund, Amazon might refund the customer on your behalf and charge the amount
to your seller account.

You can issue a refund either after the product is returned or, if you are
allowing the buyer to keep the product (returnless refund), you can issue a
refund immediately. If you authorize a return request or a buyer has requested
a tax-only refund and you want to refund the order, you can choose from
several [Refund options](/help/hub/reference/G201725630).

If there are multiple items in a single order, you can issue a refund for just
one of them. Both the **Refund Orders** tool on the **Order Detail** page and
the **Order Adjustments feed** enable you to issue full and partial refunds
for each item in an order.

**Note:** To start a refund, the order must have already had the shipment
confirmed.

If you want the product returned, we encourage you to wait until you receive
it before issuing a refund, so you can evaluate its return condition. To
foster positive customer experience, actively monitor the refund to ensure
that it is issued to the buyer in a timely manner. To set up your return
instructions, go to [Returns
Settings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/returns/settings/ref=xx_myr_dnav_help).

For additional details, visit:

  * [Issue a full refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650090)
  * [Issue a partial refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650140)
  * [Issue Concessions](/help/hub/reference/G200359070)

**Note:** All FBA order refunds and tax-only refunds for orders shipped to a
state where Amazon manages tax collection automatically will be processed by
Amazon Customer Service. For more information, go to [US Marketplace Tax and
Regulatory Fee Collection FAQ](/help/hub/reference/G7VYHGJ8ZT2M58CP).

