---
title: Issue a partial refund
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201650140
section: General Documentation
---

A refund is considered partial if it does not match the item price that the
buyer was charged. You may issue a partial refund (instead of a full refund)
depending on the return circumstances. You can choose from several options
mentioned in this [Refund options](/gp/help/G201725630) page.

## Issue restocking fees

In some cases, you may issue a partial refund by deducting a restocking fee in
accordance with the [Guidelines for charging restocking
fees](/gp/help/G201725780). In general, restocking fee may be charged when an
item is returned in a used, damaged, defective or materially different
condition in which it was shipped. However, you cannot deduct restocking fee
for items returned within policy and in original condition.

**Important:** You are required to issue a refund within two business days of
receipt of a return. If you do not take action regarding the refund within two
business days, Amazon may refund the customer on your behalf and charge the
amount to your seller account.

To locate the order and issue a restocking fee on a return request, follow
these steps:

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Orders** and select **Manage Returns** , and locate the order you want to refund on the [Manage seller-fulfilled Returns](/gp/returns/) page.

  2. After locating your order from the [Manage seller-fulfilled Returns](/gp/returns/list) page, click **Issue Refund**.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GW2UYNLA658H4T4M_Global_en-US.png)  

  3. On the **Refund order** page, under the **Amount to refund** column, the returned item will automatically default to the **Refund full amount**. Select the appropriate Reason for refund. The Reason for refund will automatically default to ‘Customer Return’.
     * Optional: If you would like to reimburse the buyer for outbound shipping, select the box to **Refund** for outbound shipping.
     * Optional: Charge a restocking fee for returns made outside of the return window or for damaged, missing or materially different returned items or both
     * Optional: For items that you do not want to refund, clear **I want to refund this unit** on the **Charge restocking fee** widget.
     * Optional: Charge or Refund for **Return Shipping**.

**Note:** For sellers who have opted into **Free Returns** , you will no
longer be able to deduct the return shipping fee for in policy returns. To
learn more, go to [Free returns for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/G8EKQAPUCQA9RAP8).

     * Optional: **Issue a Concession**. For more information, go to [Issue Concessions](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G200359070?language=en_US&ref=ag_G200359070_cont_U7K5N5GUP67M4X9).
     * Optional: Add a **Note to yourself**. Sellers can create a **Note to yourself** when issuing concessions or refunds. This field allows you to track the actions you have taken on a return request. The memo accepts 255 characters and you may continue to edit information as needed.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/partialrefundscreenshot.png)  

  4. To charge a restocking fee, click on the **Charge restocking fee** link under the **Amount to refund** column. 
     * You will be required to grade the condition of the returned item in order to charge a restocking fee. In the **Grade condition of returned item** section, grade the condition of the Item, accessories, and packaging returned.
     * For returns accepted outside of the return window, select **Item shipped outside of return window**.
     * Based on the item’s condition, you may have the option to issue a partial refund by charging a restocking fee. Restocking fee must be in accordance to the [Guidelines for charging restocking fees](/gp/help/G201725780) policy.
     * You’re required to upload a photo of the damaged, defective, or materially different item.
     * You must select the most accurate item condition from the **Description** drop-down. You also have an option to add more details about the returned item in the **Comments** section, which is optional. However, if you select **Other** from the drop-down, Comments section becomes mandatory.

  5. **Charge or Refund Return shipping**. In circumstances when a buyer returns an item because they changed their mind, and Amazon charged your account upfront for return shipping (occurs when buyer uses Amazon’s [Prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G202072200)), you may choose to pass along the cost of return shipping to the buyer. To charge a buyer for their return shipping, click on the **Charge amount** box under the **Additional Refunds/Charges** section of the **Refund Order** page.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G6K7222QEYPJ5596_Global_en-US.png)  

The **Charge** option is available only for buyer faulted returns made using
Amazon’s [Prepaid return label.](/gp/help/G202072200)The **Refund** option for
**Return Shipping** is available only for seller faulted returns. To learn
more, go to [Return Reason codes for Prepaid Returns](/gp/help/202080050).

**Note:** For sellers who have opted into **Free Returns** , you will no
longer be able to deduct the return shipping fee for in policy returns. To
learn more, go to [Free returns for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/G8EKQAPUCQA9RAP8) .

In circumstances where you ship an incorrect or damaged product, you cannot
deduct the original shipping or return shipping costs from the refund. You
must provide a full refund to the buyer. In some cases, you want to compensate
the buyer for order issues as an alternative or in addition to refunding basic
order costs. To provide a refund for Return shipping, go to [Issue
Concessions](/gp/help/G200359070).

  6. Click **Submit Refund**. Allow up to 15 minutes for the data to be updated. Submitting the refund will automatically close any associated buyer return requests. You can contact the buyer from the closed orders section of **Manage Returns** available in the **Orders** menu. The buyer has the option to open a new return request for the remaining amount. 

For information about Amazon fees that are refunded to you after you issue a
refund, go to [Refund administration fees](/gp/help/G21531). To refund
associated tax amounts, go to [How to refund tax](/gp/help/202154020).

You can file an appeal if Amazon authorized a return or refund on your behalf
that you do not believe should have been authorized. For details, go to
[Reimbursement policy for Prepaid Return Labels (PRL) in the seller-fulfilled
network](/gp/help/202175000).

##  Issue a refund for restocking fees

In some cases, you might want to refund the restocking fee that were
previously charged on a return request. For example, if a restocking fee was
issued in error and you would like to refund the buyer.

To issue a refund for restocking fee on a return request, follow these steps:

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Orders** , select **Manage returns** , and locate the order you want to refund on the [Manage seller-fulfilled returns](/returns/list) page.

  2. After locating your order, click **Issue refund**.

  3. On the **Refund order** page, under the **Additional refunds/charges** section, enter the restocking fee amount that you want to refund.

  4. Click **Submit refund**.

## Issue a partial refund for order or customer experience related issues

In some cases, you may compensate buyers when there is an order or customer
experience issue as an alternative or in addition to refunding basic order
costs. Issuance of a partial refund is only possible for items for which there
has not been a return. For example, if a buyer receives an item with missing
parts or accessories and would like to keep the item, you may want to provide
a discount or partial refund for the missing parts or accessories.

Other use cases for issuing a partial refund for order or customer experience
related issues are:

  * Product received contains damaged or missing items (Multi-Pack)
  * Product received is not as described or expected
  * Product received is materially different (Catalog Error)
  * Product received contains a slight defect or damage
  * Product received contains missing accessories or parts
  * Price match
  * Order or Item did not arrive on time
  * Order or Item was not received
  * Insufficient Inventory

To locate and issue a partial refund for an order or customer experience
related issue, follow these steps:

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Orders** and select **Manage Orders** , and locate the order you would like to refund on the [Manage Orders](/orders-v3) page. For more information about locating an order, go to [Search orders](/gp/help/G28151).

  2. After locating your order from the [Manage Orders](/orders-v3) page, click **Issue Refund** , **Order ID** and, then click **Refund order** on the **Order Details** page. This will take you to the **Refund order** page.

**Note:** The **Refund order** button is available only for shipped orders.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/partialrefundscreenshot4.png)  

  3. To issue a partial refund for an order or customer experience related issue, click the **Issue partial refund** link under the **Amount to refund** column.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/partialrefundscreenshot5.png)  

  4. You will be required to select a reason for the partial refund in the **Reason for refund** drop down.

  5. To issue a partial refund across all units of an item, enter an amount in the **Issue partial refund across all units** in the open text box.

  6. To issue a partial refund on a unit level, click **View or update unit level details**. A partial refund can be issued for up to 50% of the unit amount.

  7. You will also have the capability to issue a full refund by selecting the**Issue full Refund Amount** box.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/partialrefundscreenshot6.png)  

