---
title: Japanese Consumption Tax
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201858870
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or other
professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult your
professional tax advisor if you have any questions.

The following applies only to sellers on Amazon who reside in Japan.

Beginning October 1, 2015, Amazon will charge Japanese residents who sell on
Amazon an 8% consumption tax on Selling on Amazon fees. This impacts sellers
on both Professional and Individual selling plans who reside in Japan.

**Note:** Login and Pay with Amazon, Checkout by Amazon, Fulfillment by
Amazon, and tax calculation services fees are not affected by this change. For
more information on the 2015 Japan Tax Reform, please visit the [Japan
National Tax
Agency](http://www.nta.go.jp/foreign_language/consumption_tax/04.htm) page.

## Why is Amazon collecting Japanese Consumption Tax on my Selling on Amazon
fees?

Selling on Amazon fees for sellers residing in Japan are subject to
consumption tax as a result of the 2015 Japan Tax Reform.

## How will Amazon determine whether or not to calculate Japanese Consumption
Tax on my Selling on Amazon fees?

If you are a seller residing in Japan, your Selling on Amazon fees will be
charged Japanese Consumption Tax. Amazon determines your country of residency
based on the information you provide in your selling account.

## Will Selling on Amazon fees for international sales also be subject to
consumption tax?

Yes, if the seller is a resident of Japan.

##  Amazon charged consumption tax on my Selling on Amazon fees. Can I receive
a refund on the consumption tax charged?

Amazon does not issue refunds for consumption tax charged on your Selling on
Amazon fees. All consumption tax collected is remitted to the Japanese
National Tax Authority.

If you are no longer a resident of Japan, please review your account and
update your information to avoid having further consumption tax charged on
your Selling on Amazon fees.

## Where can I confirm how much consumption tax was charged by Amazon?

Invoices reflecting the consumption tax charged on your Selling on Amazon fees
will be available each month in your seller account by going to **Reports** >
**Tax Document Library**. A monthly invoice will also be sent to the primary
email address on file for your Seller Central account. Consumption tax charged
for the current month will be reflected in the following monthâ€™s invoice. For
example, consumption tax charged on your Selling on Amazon fees in October
will be reflected on your November tax invoice.

##  I am a business entity. Will you provide me with the information I need to
claim the input consumption tax for consumption tax paid to Amazon?

Amazon will provide a tax invoice to all sellers who reside in Japan. The
invoice will include the Japanese business registration number as well as
information regarding the consumption tax collected on your Selling on Amazon
fees. For more information, please refer to the following documentation
published by the National Tax Agency:

[https://www.nta.go.jp/shiraberu/ippanjoho/pamph/pdf/cross-kokunai.pdf
](https://www.nta.go.jp/shiraberu/ippanjoho/pamph/pdf/cross-kokunai.pdf)
(available in Japanese only)

If you have any questions regarding claiming input consumption tax in Japan,
please contact your tax advisor.

##  Where will I be able to get detailed information on the Japanese
Consumption Tax credit process?

Please refer to the following page for details regarding the Japanese
Consumption Tax credit process:

<https://www.nta.go.jp/taxanswer/shohi/shou306.htm> (available in English and
Japanese only)

If you have any questions regarding the Japanese Consumption Tax, please
contact your tax advisor.

