---
title: Japan Tax and Regulatory Considerations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468420
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

This section covers tariff and duty rates, prohibited goods, and non-
residential requirements for sellers interested in selling in Japan.

## Tariff and duty rates system

It is the seller's responsibility to comply with all Japanese customs laws and
regulations, including applicable duty and tax requirements. Any goods
imported into Japan are subject to the Import Consumption Tax. Some goods are
subject to customs duties. The harmonized classification schedule in the
Customs Tariff Law sets forth both the classification and the corresponding
customs duty rate of particular products. The amount of consumption tax
payable on imported goods is calculated on the basis of the customs value of
the goods plus customs duty payable and, where applicable, other excise taxes
payable. When certain kinds of goods, such as liquor, tobacco products,
petroleum, and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), are imported into Japan, excise
taxes may also be imposed as stipulated in the respective law concerned. In
these cases, the amount of taxes payable is calculated based on the quantities
of the imported goods.

**Other resources**

  * The Customs duty rate can be found at [webTarriff](http://www.kanzei.or.jp/statistical/tariff/headline/hs1dig/e/1)
  * See also [Outline of Tariff and Duty Rates System](http://www.customs.go.jp/english/summary/tariff.htm)

## Prohibited goods

Japan strictly forbids the importation of certain goods. Please refer to
[Import Procedures](http://www.customs.go.jp/english/summary/import.htm) for
additional information.

## Non-resident requirements

A Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) seller who lives outside of Japan (non-
residents) and would like to import goods into an Amazon Japan fulfillment
center for storage and order fulfillment must first designate a proxy
(attorney) or agent to the Director-General of Customs, allowing the agent to
import on the seller's behalf. This must be accomplished in advance of any
importations. In general, any person who is a resident of Japan can be
appointed as the proxy or agent, but this person is obliged to complete the
import declarations and pay duties and taxes on behalf of the non-resident
seller. Neither Amazon nor any of its entities in Japan may act as the
importer of record on the customs declaration-only the FBA seller or their
designated agent.

It is the seller's responsibility to comply with all Japan customs laws and
regulations.

## Customs

When you import goods into Japan, you must comply with all Japanese customs
laws and regulations. You are not authorized to import goods in the name of
Amazon or to show Amazon as the declarant, importer of record, or consignee on
any customs documentation.

Visit [Japan Customs](http://www.customs.go.jp/english/index.htm) for useful
information regarding importing goods to Japan.

**Note:** The listed price of your products must include all applicable
charges and taxes.

## Regulations and product labeling obligations

**Electrical Appliance and Material Safety Law (PSE Mark)**

When importing electrical appliances in Japan, the product must comply with
the standard under the Electrical Appliance and Material Safety Law. This law
prevents the sale of hazardous products and any electrical appliance that are
considered a safety hazard. The importer has the obligation to conform to this
law and attach the PSE Mark, which acts as proof of conformity, onto the
confirmed products.

Visit [Electrical Appliance and Material Safety
Law](http://www.meti.go.jp/english/policy/economy/consumer/pse/index.html) for
more information.

**Technical Regulations Conformity Certification for Radio Equipment
(Technical Conformity Mark)**

To sell products that emit radio frequencies, the product must conform to the
technical regulations specified in the Radio Law, and the product must have a
Technical Conformity Mark, which acts as proof that the product is in
accordance with the law.

Visit the [Radio Use](http://www.tele.soumu.go.jp/e/index.htm) website for
more information.

**Consumer Products Safety Act**

Below are some examples of products that may be subject to the Consumer
Product Safety Act and require a PSC mark:  

  * Pressure cookers and autoclaves for home use
  * Helmets (automotive, cycle, and so on)
  * Baby beds
  * Climbing ropes
  * Portable laser-applied equipment
  * Hot water circulators for bathtubs
  * Oil water heaters
  * Oil bath boilers
  * Oil heaters
  * Indoor instantaneous gas water heaters (for city gas and LP gas)
  * Bath boilers with indoor gas burners (for city gas and LP gas)
  * Forced-flue type oil warm air furnaces
  * Built-in electric dishwashers
  * Electric dryers for bathrooms
  * Electric fans
  * Electric air conditioners
  * Ventilators
  * Washing machines
  * CRT-based televisions

Download [Outline of the Consumer Products Safety
Act](http://www.meti.go.jp/policy/consumer/seian/shouan/contents/outline_psc_act090331e.pdf)
(PDF) for more information.

**The Household Goods Quality Labeling Law**

The Household Goods Quality Labeling Law provides labeling obligations in
order to enable consumers to make informed buying decisions when purchasing
household goods. The law establishes what must be displayed on product labels
in order to provide appropriate information for the product. The law applies
to textile goods, plastic manufactured goods (such as water purifiers, baby
feeding bottles), electrical appliances, and miscellaneous manufactured goods
sold in Japan.

**Other resources**

  * Download the [ Household Goods Quality Labeling Law Handbook](http://www.caa.go.jp/hinpyo/pdf_data/handbook_e.pdf) (PDF) for more information
  * See also [ Consumer Affairs Agency, Government of Japan](http://www.caa.go.jp/en/index.html)

**Food Sanitation Act and food labeling**

When you sell food products and products intended for infants and small
children (such as feeding bottles, eating utensils, plates, and toys), you
must comply with the Food Sanitation Act, which ensures food safety for the
public.

Visit the [Food Sanitation
Act](http://www.japaneselawtranslation.go.jp/law/detail_main?re=&vm=2&id=12)
for more information.

Also, any food products sold in Japan must have proper labeling to inform the
consumer on information such as, but not limited to, ingredients, origin of
ingredients, nutritional information, transfatty acid, and transfat labeling.

Visit [Consumer Affairs Agency, Government of
Japan](http://www.caa.go.jp/en/index.html) for more information.

**Pharmaceutical Affairs Act**

When you advertise and sell pharmaceutical products and medical devices sold
in Japan, you must comply with the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act. Visit
[薬事法](http://law.e-gov.go.jp/htmldata/S35/S35HO145.html) (Japanese) or consult
with a professional before selling these products.

**Intellectual property rights**

Please ensure that you do not infringe intellectual property rights of other
parties when you sell your products in Japan. You are prohibited from selling
counterfeit or illegal parallel imports. You may also want to consider
protecting your own intellectual property rights in Japan.

Visit the [Japan Patent Office](http://www.jpo.go.jp/index.htm) for more
information.

