---
title: Lab Central Program Policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFUQMPCZZCJ5S34E
section: General Documentation
---

By participating in Lab Central (the “Program”) you acknowledge and agree to
the following terms and conditions, which are in addition to the terms and
conditions governing the sale of your products in the Amazon store (the
“Selling Partner Agreement,” which includes, for example, the Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement):

  

  1. How the Program works 

Through the Program, Amazon connects Selling Partners with a network of
participating, accredited third-party labs (“Participating Labs”) with
knowledge of Amazon’s specific requirements. Participating Labs transmit test
reports directly to Amazon, minimizing processing time. Amazon monitors and
audits lab performance to ensure that you receive high quality customer
service.

  2. Product Testing 

When using the Program, you may choose any Participating Lab to test your
products. A list of products that are supported by the Program is available
[here](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/Lab_Central/Lab_Central_Product_Categories.xlsx), and
will be updated from time to time.

Participating Labs may require that you enter into a separate contract or
agree to separate terms and conditions with them. Amazon is not a party to or
otherwise responsible for any terms, conditions, obligations, rights, costs,
or liabilities to which you and the Participating Labs may separately agree
to.

You are responsible for sending products for testing directly to the
Participating Lab you select and for paying that Participating Lab directly
for any and all costs associated with receiving services under the Program.

Not all products you inquire about testing will be eligible for testing under
the Program. Program testing capabilities may change over time. If a product
you submit for testing is not eligible at the time of submission, product
testing may be performed by the Participating Lab outside of the Program,
subject to any additional terms and conditions you may have with Participating
Lab.

  3. Testing Results 

Your participation in the Program does not guarantee passing test results and
passing results do not guarantee that you have met all compliance requirements
in order to list your products in the Amazon store. You are responsible for
ensuring all required compliance requirements are met and documentation is
provided to Amazon for all your products.

Participating Labs may generate work product, including test data, test
reports and certifications (“Testing Results”), after they test your products
under the Program, and you agree that Participating Labs may share the Testing
Results directly with Amazon. You also agree that Amazon may use the Testing
Results in its sole discretion, including without limitation, to make listing
decisions with regard to your tested products.

Testing Results do not, and you may not use such Testing Results to, assert,
imply, or otherwise claim that Amazon endorses, certifies, or otherwise
approves your products.

  4. Additional Terms 

Your participation in the Program does not limit or otherwise change your
obligation to comply with all (i) applicable laws, statues and regulations
(including, without limitation, any reporting obligations you may have to
product safety or other government agencies), (ii) applicable Amazon policies,
guidelines and terms and conditions and (iii) any contractual obligations you
have with Amazon.

  5. Policy Changes 

We may change this policy in accordance with the Selling Partner Agreement.
You are responsible for reviewing any such revisions and notices of revisions.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE FEATURES FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A REVISED POLICY
WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE REVISIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
REVISED POLICY, YOU MUST NOT CONTINUE TO USE THE FEATURES.

