---
title: Listing Creation for Global Accounts
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468480
section: General Documentation
---

Once you've created a seller account in a new target marketplace, the next
step is to create product listings in your new marketplace. Product listing
requirements may be different depending on the marketplace, so be sure to
refer to the guidelines in each marketplace's Help pages. The following are
the components of an Amazon marketplace listing:  
  
#### Product ID:

A global identification number such as a UPC, EAN, or ISBN number.

#### Product title:

A concise description of the product. Some categories might have different
title requirements, so refer to the [style guides](/gp/help/200270100) in
Seller Central as your titles must conform to these standards.

#### Bullet points and product description:

Bullet points briefly list the top product features and catch the customer's
interest. The product description provides detailed information about the
product.

#### Product images:

Clear photographs of the product that show as much detail as possible. Some
categories may have different image requirements, so refer to the [style
guides](/gp/help/200270100) in Seller Central as your images must conform to
these standards.

#### Search terms:

Keywords that someone looking for your product might enter in the Search
field. You can provide several search terms.

**Tip:** The quality of your listing will affect how often your item appears
on searches and so the likelihood that your product is purchased. That's why
it's important to invest time and effort in producing high-quality listings to
improve your sales potential.

##  Choose a listing tool and list your products

If you have a small inventory (fewer than 100 products), it may be easier to
use the [Add a Product](/gp/help/51) listing tool to list each product one at
a time. Alternatively, for sellers with Professional accounts and larger
inventories, you can create an inventory file and load the inventory. Go to
[Inventory File Templates](/gp/help/1641) to find a template for your
inventory.

Listings need to be in the language of the Amazon marketplace where you intend
to sell. For example, to sell on Amazon.de or Amazon.jp, your product listings
need to be in German or Japanese, respectively. [External translation
providers](/tsba/searchpage/Translation?ref_=sc_spn_hp_tralst&sellFrom=US) can
help if you donâ€™t speak the language of the Amazon marketplace where you want
to sell.

Here are a few links other sellers have found useful:

  * [Gengo](http://www.gengo.com/)
  * [Language Wire](http://www.languagewire.com/)
  * [Lionbridge Technologies](http://www.lionbridge.com)
  * [Transperfect Translations](http://www.translations.com)

[Hear how successful US-based sellers handled European languages as they grew
their Amazon businesses](https://sell.amazon.com/global-selling/case-
studies/eu-languages.html)

##  Build International Listings

Build International Listings tool saves you time managing listings and enables
you to create and update listings at the same time across multiple Amazon
marketplaces with your unified account. Once you've launched and created
listings in your primary "source" marketplace, you can then select these
listings and identify a target marketplace in which you currently have no
offers. Build International Listings performs the following automatic
functions:

  * It creates listings on multiple target marketplaces based on products you are selling in the source marketplace.
  * Whenever you add a listing or delete a listing, it updates listings in the target marketplaces.
  * It adjusts prices in your target marketplaces based on changes you make to the source marketplace prices, according to pricing rules you set.
  * It adjusts prices in the target marketplaces to reflect exchange rate fluctuations with the source marketplace currency.

If you already selling in one marketplace, try [Build International
Listings](/gp/global-selling/sync-
offers?language=en_US&ref=ag_xx_cont_201468480) or visit the [Sell Globally
Dashboard](/global-selling/dashboard) to find opportunities to expand.

