---
title: Local Delivery program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GCRS5FQC626MWE2L
section: General Documentation
---

With no extra seller fees, you can participate in the Local Delivery program
to expand your business and increase sales in your home country. Local
Delivery allows you to fulfill orders directly to customers in your home
country, using the inventory that you might have already stored locally.

  * With Local Delivery, customers in your home country can shop for your products on Amazon.com and have their products fulfilled locally without worrying about the complexity of international buying. 
  * Customers in your home country can benefit from faster shipping (three to five day transit time or faster) and no import fees.
  * You store your inventory locally and use that inventory to fulfill orders to customers in your home country.

Following are the benefits of this program:

  * Improved visibility and discoverability of your products for customers in your home country.
  * Improved chances of winning the [Featured Offer](/gp/help/37911) for customers in your home country.

## Local Delivery customer experience

Customers in your country shopping on Amazon.com are able to see your offers
ship to them faster, and usually they are less expensive as your products are
delivered within the same country. They can see these delivery benefits on the
product detail page and the All offers Display page. They can also find your
products in the search results by using the **Ships Locally** filter. Products
included in the **Ships Locally** search results display a fast local-shipping
message. Your products might also appear on the merchandizing pages relevant
for customers in your home country.

## Local Delivery program enrollment

The Local Delivery program is applicable to you if you are based outside of US
and its enrollment is currently by invitation only.

To participate in this program, you must meet the following requirements:

  * You must be located in a participating country.
  * You have an Amazon.com account with a professional selling plan and can create Fulfillment by Merchant listings.
  * Your [default shipping address](/gp/help/G201841320) and the inventory is in your home country and you can use that inventory to fulfill orders to customers in your home country. 
  * You offer a standard shipping option with a maximum of three to five days of transit time.

**Note:**

  * Local Delivery program currently is a pilot available in limited countries. 
  * You are automatically removed from the Local Delivery program when you change your default shipping address to a country not participating in this program.

## Enroll SKUs for the Local Delivery program

You must enroll in the Local Delivery program in order to enable local
delivery in your shipping templates. After enrolling, your shipping templates
display the **Local Delivery** checkbox in your home country section. You are
required to offer fast local-delivery speed after you select **Local
Delivery**.

If you are invited to this program, you can find the enrollment banner on the
**Shipping Settings** page. During the enrollment process, you can choose to
enable local delivery by updating all your existing shipping templates at one-
go or manually updating them one by one. Updating all the existing shipping
templates automatically updates the transit time and shipping fees for your
home country and enables local delivery for all your existing templates. The
SKUs assigned to these templates are automatically enrolled for local
delivery. You must confirm that you have inventory in your home country for
SKUs assigned to all the existing templates and can adjust shipping rates for
each template. While manually updating the shipping templates, you can enable
local delivery by following the steps below:

  

  1. Select **Settings** > **Shipping Settings**
  2. From the shipping templates list, click the template you want to enable for local delivery.
  3. On the top-right, click **Edit Template**.
  4. In the home country section, select the **Local Delivery** check box.
  5. Confirm that you have inventory for the SKUs assigned to the template and then click **OK**. Your shipping template is now modified with settings enabled for local delivery.
  6. Check the settings and adjust shipping rates.
  7. Save the shipping template

To create new templates, follow step 4 and step 5 above, and [assign
SKUs](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/201841600?language=en_US&ref=ag_201841600_cont_201848920)
to the new template.

## Enabling/disabling Local Delivery

To enable/disable local delivery, you can edit your shipping templates by
selecting and clearing the **Local Delivery** check box in your home country
section.

**Note:** If a customer has a product that was enabled for local delivery in
their shopping cart prior to disabling this feature, the customer is still
able to order this product for local delivery. We understand this is an
inconvenience, but this is done to preserve the customer experience. You must
ensure that these orders are delivered to the customers on time by fulfilling
the local-delivery promise.

## Local Delivery sales report

To generate the sales report from local delivery orders, follow these steps:

  

  1. Select **Orders** > **Order Reports**
  2. Select **New Orders** > **Request Report**
  3. Select a date range and click **Request**.

Filter your home country to view orders shipped to the local customers.

