---
title: Location based Shipping Settings frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPGZ78ZWVG42M4CW
section: General Documentation
---

#### If I use a shipping template with Shipping Settings Automation enabled,
how will the Promised Delivery Date be calculated?

The Promised Delivery Date will be calculated using: a) the buyer’s location,
b) the location or fulfillment centre closest to the buyer, c) up-to-date data
for delivery times associated with the sellers preferred carriers, and d)
location-specific order cut off time and weekday operations settings.

#### How will the Promise Delivery Date be calculated for items that use
manually calculated transit times (Templates where SSA is not enabled)?

The Promised Delivery Date will be calculated using the default Shipping
Location’s order cut off time and weekday operations settings.

#### Is there any limit to the number of locations I can create?

No, you can create as many locations as needed.

#### Can I set different order cut-off times for locations in different time
zones?

Yes, you can set different order cut-off times, but they will only apply to
products linked to a Shipping Template with [Shipping Settings Automation
(SSA)](/gp/help/G8WRJF2N5B787XKQ) enabled. If you do not use SSA on your
shipping templates, the cut-off time of your default fulfillment center will
apply to all orders.

#### I have a shipping template which is tied to my default shipping address,
how do I add more locations to this shipping template?

To add locations to the shipping template with Shipping Settings Automation
(SSA) enabled:  

  1. Go to Shipping settings
  2. Click Shipping templates
  3. Locate your preferred shipping template and click edit
  4. Go to Shipping Settings Automation section and click "Edit information"
  5. On the screen that opens, add additional fulfillment centers or locations to your shipping template.
  6. Follow through the rest of the steps to configure your preferred shipping services.
  7. Click "Save".

#### I do not see an option to add Location addresses to my shipping template?

You must upgrade your shipping template by enabling [Shipping Settings
Automation (SSA)](/gp/help/G8WRJF2N5B787XKQ). To upgrade your shipping
template, go to your preferred shipping template, click edit, and enable the
**Shipping Settings Automation**.

#### What changes should I make to assign an SKU to a new location?

You don’t need to make any changes to assign a SKU to a location. You can
assign a SKU to a shipping template and the delivery promise will be created
by reviewing the locations enabled on that shipping template and selecting the
closest location to the buyer. To assign a SKU to a shipping template, go to [
Assign SKUs to shipping templates](/gp/help/G201841600).

