---
title: Maker profile for Handmade
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817720
section: General Documentation
---

Use your Maker Profile page as a place to tell customers about yourself and
the products you make. The information you share on this page will be visible
to Amazon customers and should only represent you and your business.

**Note:** You will need to create a separate Maker profile in each country
that you are selling in. Your profile image, store name, and storefront images
are automatically populated along with other updates to these fields. You are
responsible for any translations in the **Inspiration** and **About you**
areas of your profile.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GUID-5AAE11FD-88E6-4180-9FA9-2DCCFFB5C7B1_Global_en-
US.png)

## Your profile information

Update the following fields:  

  1. **Your profile image** : Upload a picture of yourself, or something that reflects you, your brand, and the products you make. This image should be at least 200 pixels on the shortest side.
  2. **Store name** : Your store name should be unique and distinctly representative of you and your products.

**Note:** Your store name should match the display name you entered during
registration and mirror the store name used on your website or at craft fairs.
The store name must:

     * Accurately identify the maker
     * Not be misleading
     * Include only information that the Maker has the right to use
     * Not contain an email suffix such as .com, .net, biz.

**Note:** The alphanumeric URL cannot be edited or customized.

  3. **Craft** : Tell customers about your area of expertise.
  4. **How are your products made?** : Describe your creative process, including how you make your products and the materials you use.
  5. **Country & ZIP**: Show customers where you live. We respect your privacy and will only share your state or country.

## Images

**Note:** When uploading images to be displayed in your maker profile, ensure
that you have all requisite rights, power, and authority to use the images you
upload.

**Upload your store cover image:**

The **store cover image** appears at the top of your **maker profile** and it
is the first impression that customers get when they access your store.

Your store cover image should be reflective of what you are offering. Feel
free to update this photo at any time. For the best results, we recommend that
your final image be 1200 x 350 pixels. To upload your store cover image:  

  1. Open the [Maker Profile editor](/handmade/profile-edit/ref=xx_gldprf_dnav_help).
  2. Click **Images**.
  3. Under the **Store Cover Image** , click the camera icon over **Add a Main image for your store** , select a photo to upload from your computer, and then click **Open** to upload it.
  4. Click **Save** when complete.

**Note:** If you do not have a store cover image ready, you can use one of our
default images: [Blackbrick](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-blackbrick.jpg),
[Burlap](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-burlap.jpg),
[Colorwood](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-colorwood.jpg),
[Darkwood](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-darkwood.jpg),
[Leather](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-leather.jpg),
[Lightwood](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-lightwood.jpg),
[Parcel](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-parcel.jpg),
[Slate](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-slate.jpg),
[Wavywood](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-wavywood.jpg), and
[Whitebrick](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/SellerCentral/help/images/smp_cover-whitebrick.jpg).

**Tag your store cover image products:**

If any of your listed products are displayed in your store cover image, you
can add a tag for that product. When you hover over the tag with a mouse, it
will display the listing for that product that customers can click on. If
using a photograph with images of your products, we recommend to use products
with broad appeal.

You can tag up to five different photos in your store cover image. To tag a
photo:  

  1. Open the [Maker Profile editor](/handmade/profile-edit/ref=xx_gldprf_dnav_help).
  2. Click **Images**.
  3. Click one of the numbered buttons next to **Add Product Tags**.
  4. Select a product you would like to tag.
  5. Drag the product tag anywhere on your Store Cover Image.
  6. Click **Save** when complete.

You can update your cover image and the tags used at any time.

**Additional images:**

Adding additional images of your studio, workspace, or inspiration is a good
way to tell your customers more about you and your craft. You can add up to
three additional images. Additional images should be at least 500 pixels on
the shortest side and between 1,000 and 10,000 pixels on the longest side.

To add additional images:  

  1. Open the [Maker Profile editor](/handmade/profile-edit/ref=xx_gldprf_dnav_help).
  2. Click **Images**.
  3. Under the **Additional Store Images** section, click the camera icon, select a photo to upload from your computer, and then click **Open** to upload it.
  4. Click **Save** when complete.

## More about you

Use this section to tell customers or Amazon about yourself in your own words.  

  1. **First name:** Enter your first name, or the name you would like customers to use when they interact with you.
  2. **Inspiration:** Add a headline inspiration statement for your store to let customers know what inspires you as a Maker. This will appear in large font directly underneath your store cover image.
  3. **About you:** Tell customers about your background, how you got started, and your areas of expertise. What is your creative process like? Where do you get inspiration from?
  4. **Social media accounts:** Enter your social media account information here. We will not publish this information to customers. However, Amazon Handmade may use this information to connect with you when looking for sellers to feature in our store.

## Featured products

You have the ability to select up to four products to feature on your Maker
Profile and create a custom title for those products. For example, Are you
having a sale? Maybe you want to feature items that are on sale with a custom
title of “Fast Selling Items” or “September Sale Items”.  

  1. Open the [Maker Profile editor](/handmade/profile-edit/ref=xx_gldprf_dnav_help).
  2. Click **Featured Products**.
  3. Enter a custom title in the **Custom Title** field. For example, Top Products from <Your Store Name>.
  4. Under **Select A Product to Feature** , click on the numbered boxes and select the items that you would like to have featured.

## Publish

After you have made all of the updates to your maker profile, click **Save &
Publish**. Your maker profile will publish and will be visible to customers on
Amazon. You can update this information anytime you like.

