---
title: Manage Your Experiments
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVP453K5XRBJS7Y9
section: General Documentation
---

Manage Your Experiments lets you run A/B tests (also known as split tests) on
your brand’s listings content. Experiments let you compare two versions of
content against each other so you can see which performs better. At the end of
an experiment, you can review which version performed the best and then
publish the winning content. By running experiments, you can learn how to
build better content that appeals to your customers and helps to drive more
sales.

During the experiment, customers that view your product’s content are randomly
split into two groups. One group sees Version A of content, while the other
sees Version B, for the entire experiment. This means that experiments are
**not** rotating content over time. Instead, both versions of content are
always showing during the experiment, but to different groups of customers.
Customers in the experimental group will see your content everywhere it is
available. For example, an experimental product title will show in search
results, on the product detail page, and in cart/checkout. (Note: Experiments
**do not** impact search rankings).

## Content types available for experimentation

There are six types of content available for experimentation: product images,
product titles, product bullet points, product description and A+ Content and
Brand Story* Footnote*: A+ Content and Brand Story are brand authored detail
page content which describes the unique brand story and contains enhanced
images, text, video and comparison chart placements.

Customers use product titles and images when reviewing search results to
determine which product detail pages to visit. Thus, product title experiments
and image experiments can be used to optimize your content and help drive
traffic to your listings. When on a detail page, customers use the product
images and the associated A+ Content and Brand Story to make a purchase
decision. Thus, images, A+ Content and Brand Story experiments can help you
determine which content may improve conversion. Bullet points and description
help you to up sell features and benefits of your product. Thus, Bullet points
and Title experiments can help you determine which content helps customers
make informed purchase decisions.

## Eligibility

Brand Eligibility: To run experiments, you must own a brand. That means that
you are internal to the brand and responsible for selling the brand in the
Amazon store. Additionally, in order to experiment, you must have at least one
eligible ASIN based on traffic (see next section).

ASIN Eligibility: An ASIN is eligible if it belongs to your brand and has
received enough traffic in recent weeks to be eligible for experimentation. We
only let you experiment with high-traffic ASINs to increase the likelihood
that you can confidently determine a winner at the end of the experiment.
Depending on the category, high-traffic ASINs may get several dozen orders per
week, or more. When selecting an ASIN to experiment on, MYE will show the
eligibility status of most candidate ASINs, but note that ASINs with very low
traffic may not appear at all.

If an ASIN isn’t eligible because it isn’t high-traffic, consider driving more
traffic to it by using advertising or other means. A+ Content and Brand Story
experiments must have published A+ Content and Brand Story to be eligible.
Only one experiment can be run on any particular ASIN at a time, but you can
experiment on one or multiple variants at a time by using “Multi-attribute”
experiment type.

