---
title: Manage your carrier accounts
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200785170
section: General Documentation
---

You can buy and track all of your Seller Fulfilled Prime and non-Prime
shipping directly through Buy Shipping with your own special rates for FedEx
and UPS. You do not need to link account for Amazon Shipping.

**Note:**

  * Review the [terms and conditions](/gp/help/200672320) before linking a carrier account.
  * Seller accounts can only have one carrier account linked per carrier.
  * Follow the same steps as described below to link your carrier when accessing Buy Shipping Services through the [Shipping API](/gp/help/201950090).
  * For information about how to buy shipping labels, see [Buy shipping through Seller Central](/gp/help/200202280).

## Link your carrier account

You can manage your carrier accounts in [Buy Shipping
preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences#buy_shipping_preferences). Before
linking a carrier account, update the following:

  * List your current email address and phone number under **Manage your ship-from locations**.
  * In the **Carrier prioritization** section, ensure that the carrier for your linked account is listed as one of the prioritized carriers.

For more information about setting your preferences, see [Buy Shipping
preferences](/gp/help/202086070).

## Link your FedEx account

To link your FedEx account:  

  1. Go to [Buy Shipping preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences), and ensure that you have **FedEx** as one of your preferred carriers in the **Carrier prioritization** section.
  2. Click on **Manage your carrier accounts** , and enter the following information. All fields are mandatory unless otherwise noted.

The fields in this section should be filled out exactly as they appear in the
**Shipping Address** section on your FedEx invoice.

     * FedEx 9 digit account number

**Note:** Remove all dashes from your account number.

     * Company Name
     * Address Line 1
     * Address Line 2 (if applicable)
     * City
     * State
     * ZIP code
     * Country code (U.S. is the default setting)

Next, provide the following individual elements exactly as entered in your
FedEx account. This information is not included on your FedEx invoice. You may
want to confirm specific details with your FedEx representative, such as your
primary FedEx email address.

     * First name
     * Last name
     * Phone number (including country code and area code)
     * Primary FedEx email address
  3. Click **Link this Account**.

On the **Buy Shipping preferences** page, you should see **Linked** as the
status next to FedEx in the **Carrier prioritization** section.

## Link your UPS account

To link your UPS account:  

  1. Go to [Buy Shipping preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences#buy_shipping_preferences), and ensure that you have **UPS** as one of your preferred carriers in the **Carrier prioritization** section.
  2. Click on **Manage your carrier accounts** , and enter the following information. All fields are required. If you do not have the required information, contact a UPS representative directly.
     * Account number
     * Account ZIP code

**Note:** UPS Account number and Account ZIP code must match the information
in your UPS account. Account ZIP code is the original ZIP code of the shipper
account you used when you registered on the UPS website.

     * Full Name
     * Address Line 1
     * Address Line 2
     * Address Line 3
     * City
     * State
     * Zip Code

**Note:** Zip code refers to the location of pick-up.

     * Country
     * Phone Number
     * Email Address

**Note:** Your phone number and email address must match what you entered
during the **original** UPS account registration and not what is currently
listed on the account.

     * Invoice Number

**Note:** You must use an invoice with a date from the past 90 days.
Additionally, the invoice referenced must be one of the past three invoices
generated for your UPS account. If you do not have an invoice that meets these
criteria, [contact UPS](https://www.ups.com/us/en/help-center/contact.page) to
generate another invoice for linking purposes.

     * Invoice Data
     * Invoice Currency Code
     * Invoice Amount
     * Invoice Control ID

**Note:** Do not enter special characters, such as currency symbols or commas.

  3. Click **Link this Account**.

On the **Buy Shipping preferences** page, you should see **Linked** as the
status next to UPS in the **Carrier prioritization** section.

If you have multiple warehouses or locations, [contact
UPS](https://www.ups.com/us/en/help-center/contact.page) to clarify which ZIP
Code (pick-up location) you should use for validation.

**Warning:** Mixing up ZIP Code and Account ZIP Code can sometimes generate
errors on the **Manage your carrier accounts** page. Verify the numbers you
entered on the form and resubmit. If you are unable to link your account after
three attempts, access to **Manage your carrier accounts** will be locked for
up to 24 hours. If this error occurs twice, contact UPS through their
[customer assistance page](https://www.ups.com/us/en/help-center/contact.page)
to confirm the information associated with your carrier account and avoid
losing access.

##  Unlink your account

To unlink your account:

  1. Go to [Buy Shipping preferences](/sbr/buyShippingPreferences).

  2. Click **Manage your carrier accounts**.

  3. Check if you have an **Unlink** option.

  4. If yes, click **Unlink**. The status will change to **Not linked**.

  5. If no, raise a ticket to Selling Partner Support including details of the courier account to unlink.

