---
title: Manage loans with Amazon Lending
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200716850
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon Lending is offered through Amazon Capital Services, Inc. Use Amazon
Lending funds to help grow your business on Amazon. Use the **Lending** link
on your **Payments** report to track loan balances and payments.

This Help page describes the features of the Payments report that relate
directly to Amazon Lending. For additional information, see [Statement
View](/gp/help/200378770).

Your **Payments** report includes summary totals and detailed information
about your Amazon Lending transactions. To view the report, go to the
**Reports** drop-down menu in Seller Central and select **Payments**. For
details on your loans, go to the**Lending** tab within the report.

##  Statement and transaction views

**Statement view**

The **Account Summary** page includes two line items regarding your loans, one
for current transactions and the other for pending payments. You will only see
these line items if you have loan activity in a given settlement period.

#### Amazon Lending:

This shows the total amount of transactions related to your loans that
occurred during the selected settlement period. The amount may include new
loan proceeds advanced to your account or loan payments made from your seller
account. To see the transactions that make up the total amount, click
**Transactions** in the top bar of the **Payments** report and select **Amazon
Lending** from the **Filter view by** : drop-down list.

#### Pending Amazon Lending payments:

This appears in the lower left section of the **Account Summary** page and
shows the total payments that are due on your outstanding loans. We will
deduct up to this amount from any positive balance, less reserves, available
in your seller account. To see details for your loans, click **Lending** in
the top bar of the **Payments** report.

**Transaction view**

The **Transaction View** page displays Amazon Lending advances and payment
transactions for a selected settlement period. You will only see these line
items if you have loan activity in the selected period.

The sum of all Amazon Lending transactions in a given settlement period will
match the total amount shown for Amazon Lending line item in the **Account
Summary** page.

To see details on a loan related to an Amazon Lending transaction, click the
dollar amount in the **Total** column on the **Transactions** page.

##  View lending details

The **Lending** page in your **Payments** report provides details about all of
your loans from Amazon Capital Services, Inc. To view the page, click
**Lending** in the top bar of the **Payments** report. The initial view of the
**Lending** page displays summary information.

**Lending summary view**

Summary information appears in these columns for each of your loans:

#### Account:

This is the Amazon Lending account number for your loan.

#### Status:

This is the payment status of your loan.

  * An **On Time** status indicates that you have made all loan payments to-date and there are no outstanding Past Due Amounts.
  * A **Paid Off** status indicates that the loan has been paid off and that the Outstanding Balance is $0.00.
  * A **Past Due** status indicates that you are behind on your loan payments and need to pay the Past Due Amount shown in order to become current on your loan.

#### Loan Amount:

This is the amount of the loan that was advanced to you.

#### Outstanding Balance:

This is the balance remaining on your loan. You can see the payments we have
credited to your loan account in the **Transaction History** section (on the
left side of the Loan Details).

#### Past Due Amount:

This includes prior monthly payment amounts on your loan that have not been
received, as well as past due interest charges on any past due loan principal.
Any past due loan principal will accrue additional interest charges from the
date it became past due until the date it is paid off.

#### Total Payment Amount:

This amount includes any Current Payment Amount (your regularly scheduled
monthly payment) plus any Past Due Amount plus any interest on Past Due
Amounts for your loan. It is due immediately when billed and will incur late
interest charges after the date labeled "Payment Late After." An amount up to
the Total Payment Amount will be deducted from any positive balance, less
reserves, available in your seller account on your next settlement date.

  * In the event that the available balance in your seller account does not cover the Total Payment Amount, the entire available balance will be withheld.
  * The remaining Total Payment Amount will be withheld, up to the then-available balance, on the next settlement date.
  * You are solely responsible for paying all amounts due. If the available balance in your seller account is insufficient to cover the remaining Total Payment Amount, please refer to the **Loan Payments** section below for alternative methods of payment.

#### Payment Late After:

We must receive the Total Payment Amount for your loan on or before this date.
Any amount of the Total Payment Amount that is not received by this date will
be added to the Past Due Amount in the following month and any loan principal
included therein will be subject to additional interest charges.

**Loan details view**

For any given loan, you can access the Loan Details by clicking the Lending
Account number, or use the "+" sign.

The Loan Details will appear in four sections, each with multiple lines.

**Payment information**

The first section on the **Loans Details** page is your Payment Information.
Your payment information includes the following line items:

#### Payment Status:

This is the payment status of your loan.

  * An "On Time" status indicates that you have made all loan payments to-date and there are no outstanding Past Due Amounts.
  * A "Paid Off" status indicates that the loan has been paid off and that the Outstanding Balance is $0.00.
  * A "Past Due" status indicates that you are behind on your loan payments and need to pay the Past Due Amount shown in order to catch-up.

#### Past Due Amount:

This includes prior monthly payment amounts on your loan that have not been
received, as well as any past due interest charges on any past due loan
principal. Any past due loan principal will accrue additional interest charges
from the date it became past due until the date it is paid off.

#### Interest on Past Due Amount:

This is the additional interest charge that accrued during the prior statement
period on any past due loan principal included in the prior statement period
Past Due Amount. Interest at the rate shown in the Loan Information section
(on the right side of the Loan Details) will be applied to any past due loan
principal included in any Past Due Amount until we receive payment for the
past due principal.

**Example:** If the "Payment Late After" date is June 1, but you did not pay
the Past Due Amount until June 16, you will be charged interest on the past
due loan principal included in the Past Due Amount for 15 days on your next
statement.

#### Current Payment Amount:

This is your regularly scheduled monthly payment due for your loan.

#### Total Payment Amount:

This amount includes any Current Payment Amount plus any Past Due Amount plus
any Interest on Past Due Amount for your loan. It is due by the date labeled
"Payment Late After," and an amount up to the Total Payment Amount will be
deducted from any positive balance, less reserves, available in your seller
account on your next settlement date.

#### Scheduled Disbursement Deduction Date:

On this date the Total Payment Amount will be deducted from your Selling on
Amazon account disbursement. The loan payment may be deducted on another date
if there are changes to the settlement cycle.

**Transaction history**

Your Transaction History lists all transactions that have occurred on your
loan by date and amount.

**Scheduled payment details**

Scheduled Payment Details includes the Total Payment Due, plus two other
optional payment methods to make payments above the minimum amount due:
additional principal withholding and ACH payment from your existing bank
account on file. For more details on these payment methods please refer to the
Loan Payments section.

**Loan information**

The Loan Information section includes the terms of your loan: the origination
and maturity dates, the original amount, the interest rate, and the monthly
interest charge on past due amounts.

**Balance summary**

The final section on the Loans Details page is your Balance Summary, which
reflects activity as of the last loan statement date, and lets you know at a
glance your progress to date in paying off the loan.

The balance summary includes the following line items:

#### Last Statement Balance (as of xx date):

This is your outstanding loan balance as of the last statement date that is
indicated in parenthesis.

#### Payments and Credits:

This is the total of all transactions that have occurred on your loan since
the last statement date. You can review all life-to-date activity on your loan
in the Transaction History section to the left.

#### Balance as of Today:

This is your current outstanding loan balance, and reflects all loan payments
we have received to-date. If you have an outstanding Past Due Amount, any
Interest on Past Due Amount will not be included in your Balance as of Today.
Any Interest on Past Due Amount will be calculated and included in your next
payment due.

##  Loan payments

**Automatic payments**

Loan payments are automatically deducted from the first seller account
disbursement following your loan payment due date. If the first disbursement
following your due date is insufficient to make the full loan payment, we will
deduct the remaining balance from the next disbursement. There are no late
interest charges or penalties as long as your full payment is collected within
one month of when the payment becomes due. Other payment methods are detailed
below.

**Additional principal withholding**

You may request that an additional amount be withheld from your Selling on
Amazon account settlement to pay down the principal balance and reduce future
interest. This amount will not apply towards future monthly payments due and
will be paid in addition to those amounts. You can change the amount you
entered until the settlement is closed.

To initiate this type of payment click **Update** or the additional
withholding amount to select the amount you want to apply toward your loan
principal.

![](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/support_images/GUID-1D6D0163-2906-44F4-8362-490E193ACA05_en-
US.jpg)

**Manual ACH (Automated Clearing House) payments**

You may make a loan payment from the bank account that is linked to your
Selling on Amazon account. To initiate this type of payment, click the Make a
payment from your bank account on file link and select the amount of the
payment you want to make. After the payment amount is confirmed the payment is
initiated immediately.

**Automatic ACH (Automatic Clearing House) payments**

#### What are automatic ACH payments?

To help you avoid late interest charges, you can enroll in automatic ACH
payments to cover any amounts due which remain, after payments from your
seller account disbursements have been deducted. Your bank will initiate the
ACH payment one day prior to your current monthly payment would otherwise
become past due. Automatic ACH payments must be set up for each loan and you
can deactivate it at any time. Example: A loan is disbursed on January 1st
with a monthly payment of $2500. Your first payment will become due on
February 1st. Starting February 1st, the first monthly payment will be
deducted from the seller account. If disbursements throughout February only
cover $2000 of the monthly payment, then $500 would be past due on March 1st.
However, if automatic ACH payments were enabled for this loan, then an
automatic payment of $500 would be made on February 28, one day prior to the
current monthly payment going past due.

#### What happens after I activate automatic ACH payments?

Once activated, automatic ACH payments are initiated one day prior to the
current monthly payment going past due. This gives you as much time as
possible to make your loan payment before the ACH payment is processed. Amazon
does not charge for enrolling in the 'Manual ACH Payments' feature, however,
please check with your bank for any related fees.

#### What happens after I deactivate automatic ACH payments?

You will no longer be enrolled in automatic ACH payments and if your
disbursements are not enough to cover the current amount due, you will need to
make an alternative arrangement to make the payment. Upon deactivation, we
recommend that you ensure your next disbursement will be enough to cover your
loan payment. If it is not enough, you will need to make a manual ACH payment
or make alternative payment arrangements to avoid late interest.

**Other payment methods**

If you would like to make a payment via some other method, please contact
Amazon Lending Support at: [amazon-lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-
lending@amazon.com).

**Order in which payments are applied**

All payments received will be applied in the following order:

  

  1. Monthly payments and other amounts that are past due, starting with the **Past Due Payment** that has been outstanding the longest,
  2. currently due interest that has accrued at the Late Interest Rate,
  3. currently due interest that has accrued at the Annual Interest Rate,
  4. currently due principal, and
  5. the remaining principal balance. 

##

##  Refinancing

Refinancing allows you to borrow additional funds to grow your business and
manage your loan with a single monthly payment. Refinancing is available by
invitation only.

#### How does refinancing a loan with Amazon Lending work?

Your refinancing loan will first be applied to pay off the outstanding
principal balance, accrued interest and any other unpaid fees on any existing
Amazon Lending loans. The net proceeds of the refinancing loan will be
disbursed to your seller account.

#### Why are you inviting me to refinance instead of taking out additional
loans?

Amazon Lending now allows you to refinance outstanding loans, allowing you to
manage repayments on one loan rather than keeping track of payments on
multiple active loans.

#### What happens to my interest rate when I refinance?

Refinancing invitations are issued at the prevailing interest rate. The
interest rate for your refinancing loan will be disclosed in your offer and on
the registration page. The interest rate could be higher or lower than the
interest rate on your current loan(s).

#### How do I become eligible to refinance my loan?

Eligibility to refinance an Amazon Lending loan is by invitation only. You may
be eligible to refinance your loan once you have made your first monthly loan
payment and if your seller performance remains strong. Go to [Amazon
Lending](/gp/help/201724230) for more information on invitation criteria.

#### Why did Amazon decide to stop offering term loans?

As part of our regular business planning, we continually evaluate our
offerings and have made the decision to discontinue - as of April 30,
2024—term loans underwritten by Amazon for sellers at this time. While term
loans underwritten by Amazon will no longer be available, eligible sellers can
explore a number of financing solutions from trusted third-party providers to
help grow their business.

##  Contact us

To contact the Amazon Lending support team, send an e-mail to: [amazon-
lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-lending@amazon.com). When you write, please
use the format below to provide us with information about your account.

#### Subject line:

Amazon Lending Inquiry - [Seller Name]

#### Message body:

  * Seller name: (The Business Display Name on your seller account Information page) 
  * Company name: (The Legal Name on your seller account Information page) 
  * Primary contact person: (The person with whom we will be communicating about this inquiry) 
  * Primary contact e-mail address: (The e-mail address the contact uses to log in to Seller Central) 

[Your question or request]

