---
title: Manage Quotes
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202173820
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** These features are only available to sellers who are eligible for
Custom Quote.

Amazon Business customers can request a quote for a specific ASIN by clicking
the **Buying in bulk?** link on the product detail page.

Customers can then submit the number of units that they would like to buy and
also a target price per unit that they are expecting. If you’re eligible for
[Custom Quote](/gp/help/G202173840), you can respond to these requests through
the **Custom quote requests** tab on the **Manage Quotes** page.

Once you enter the quantity, price, offer expiration date, and handling time,
and then click **Submit quote** , the offer is available for purchase only by
the customer that requested the quote. To help increase your chances of making
a sale, submit the quote by the **Offer by** date.

Custom Quote allows Amazon Business customers to buy products in bulk (500
units or more, or $10,000 or more) and negotiate pricing and quantity with a
trusted network of suppliers to get more favorable deals.

Amazon Business customers, whose needs are not met with existing Amazon bulk
offers, can provide details such as quantity, target price, desired delivery
date, and deadline for the request. Amazon collects this information and sends
it to sellers who are participating in the Custom Quote program.

Sellers can then view and respond to the requests on the **Manage Quotes**
page, which you can select from the **B2B** drop-down menu in Seller Central.
Sellers can choose to offer a quote or ignore the request by selecting one or
more reasons, if they cannot meet the buyer’s criteria.

For definitions of fields and to learn more, go to [Custom Quote field
definitions](/gp/help/G202173840).

Customers can also create quotes with multiple ASINs in a single request. To
learn more, go to [Custom Quote request for multiple
items](/gp/help/GQRATYYHS8S7GJD4).

To learn more about the seller fee discount for the Custom Quote program, go
to [Custom Quote fees](/gp/help/GV6BNSTMAEXJC7UW).

##  Frequently asked questions

#### How do I respond to and manage custom quotes in Seller Central?

Select **Manage Quotes** from the**B2B** drop-down menu, and then click
**Custom quote requests** to manage all quote requests.

#### How can I be notified when a business customer requests a quote for an
ASIN that I sell?

All Custom Quote allow-listed sellers are automatically signed up for email
notifications for quote requests. You will receive an email whenever a
business customer requests a custom quote for an ASIN that you sell.

Additionally, when you have at least one active quote request on your **Custom
quote requests** page, you will receive a notification on the home page.

If you would like to unsubscribe from these email notifications, click the
**Unsubscribe** link at the bottom of the email.

#### How can I update the email address at which I receive notifications?

You can update your email address through the **Change email preference** link
on the top-right corner of the **Custom quote requests** tab. This link takes
you to the notifications page, where you can edit the email settings for
manage quotes email notifications.

#### Why do I see duplicate customer requests on the Manage Quotes page?

The customer can request a quote for the same ASIN multiple times. When that
happens, you might see duplicate customer requests on the Manage Quotes page.

#### Are my existing quotes already available to customers who send me a new
request?

The quote that you offered is only available to the customer that requested a
quote, so it’s not automatically made available to other customers.

However, you can offer the same quote in response to multiple customer
requests. Keep in mind that each offer will be available only to the customer
that you are responding to.

#### Can I submit more than one offer for the same quote request?

No. At this time, there can be only one offer per quote request.

#### Can I respond to customer requests on a mobile device?

Yes. You can respond to customer requests using the Amazon Seller app.

#### Why is my offered quote under Amazon review?

It takes up to 24 hours for Amazon to create a private offer for the
requesting customer.

If your custom quote response is **Under Amazon review** for more than 24
hours, there may be an issue that requires your attention before the
expiration of the requesting customer’s quote. For instance, your ASIN may not
be eligible to be sold on Amazon.

Ensure that your ASIN listing meets Amazon policies before you offer a quote.

For more information about Amazon policies, go to the following pages:

  * [Request approval to sell in certain product categories](/gp/help/GL6LGVJDY7MQSQK3)
  * [Restricted products](/gp/help/200164330)
  * [Category, product, and listing restrictions](/gp/help/G200301050)
  * [Selling Applications tool](/hz/myqdashboard)
  * [Products that require approval](/gp/help/200333160)

#### Can I cancel a quote response or an order?

You can cancel a quote submission only after the status changes from **Under
Amazon review** to **Offered**. It may take up to 24 hours (typically about 20
minutes) for the status to change.

The customer will only see the offer when your status is changed to
**Offered**. However, once the customer confirms the order, you cannot cancel
it. Canceling the order after a customer purchase may lead to suspension from
the Custom Quote program.

#### Can I edit a quote response?

At this time, you can only edit a response by canceling and resubmitting the
response. You can only cancel the response once the status changes from
**Under Amazon review** to **Offered** , which may take 20 minutes to 24 hours
after the quote submission.

#### How does Amazon create a private offer? What steps do I need to follow
after I submit an offer?

Once you submit a quote response, Amazon creates a new temporary SKU for that
customer. It may take up to 24 hours to appear on the Manage Inventory page.

Once the SKU is created by the system, you cannot make any changes to the SKU
through Manage Inventory or third-party tools. Doing so may result in the
customer being unable to claim the offer, or your quoted price being available
to all customers.

You should also make any updates needed to your inventory management systems
or third-party tools to prevent updates to this temporary SKU. If you have to
cancel or update your offer, you should only do so through the Manage Quotes
page.

#### What do I do when the custom quote request is above the existing 999 cart
limit?

You can create a new case-pack ASIN by using the one-by-one method. You can
either offer a single-unit case pack for the total requested quantity, or
offer multiple units of a case pack, which add up to the total requested
quantity.

For example, if a customer wants to buy 1,500 widgets, you can make a case
pack of 30 units for the customer to purchase 50 case packs, or you can create
one case pack of exactly 1,500 units.

#### What shipping template do I use for Custom Quote?

You can create an additional shipping template that includes the free shipping
option. Do not enable the Two-Day Shipping option on the shipping template.

