---
title: Manage your Brands
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GF79K5R2ZLCWCPJT
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

Manage Your Brands is a dedicated page in Seller Central that helps sellers
manage their brand portfolio with ease. Through Manage Your Brands, sellers
can view and manage their existing brand portfolio, use the Brand Selection
Panel to search for and add new brands to their portfolio, and track brand
applications that are under review. For more details about each function of
the tool, go to the sections below.

## Brand Portfolio

Brand Portfolio shows you all the brands you are currently authorized to list
in Amazon’s store. You can view the brand name approved in Amazon Brand
Registry, brand aliases or representations that you have used to list the
brand, and identifiers such as logos, product images, brand descriptions
associated with your brand. If a brand is incorrectly associated to your
selling account or you are no longer selling a brand displayed in the list,
you can remove the brand association using the "Remove brand" button. Note
that you will not be able to list products with the same brand name after you
remove it from your portfolio.

## How to use Brand Portfolio

  

  1. Go to Brands and then Manage Your Brands from the left navigation menu. 
  2. Brand Portfolio is displayed by default when you open the Manage Your Brands page. 
  3. Review the list of brands associated with your portfolio including associated metadata. 
  4. To remove a brand, locate the brand in the list and click the "Remove" button next to it. 
  5. Confirm the removal when prompted. Note that you will not be able to list products with the same brand name after you remove it from your portfolio.
  6. If you want to add back a brand that you removed, you can use "Add Brand" button displayed on the page. See the next section for more details on adding brands to your portfolio.

## Brand Selection Panel

Brand Selection Panel is a search tool that allows you to find and add new
brands to your Brand Portfolio. You can add brands already enrolled in Brand
Registry to your portfolio by obtaining brand authorization. You can also add
new brands to your portfolio by enrolling them in Brand Registry or Brand Name
Approval process.

## How to use Brand Selection Panel

  

  1. On the Manage Your Brands page, click "Add Brand" button.
  2. This will open up the Brand Selection Panel. In the search bar of the Panel, enter the brand name you want to list.
  3. Review the list of potential matches from brands enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry. Each match will display brand identifiers such as brand logo, product image, or brand description.
  4. If you find your brand, select the brand and click "Connect this brand" button.
  5. To protect our customers and maintain their trust, we place selling restrictions on certain products and brands. Based on your brand selection, you may see one of the following prompts:  

    1. If you are not authorized to list new ASINs for the brand, you might be required to fill out a selling application with the manufacturer information and photos of your product’s packaging for review. You can learn more about the approval requirements [here](/help/hub/reference/G200333160).
    2. If you are not authorized to sell products from the brand, you may be asked to provide documents such as invoices or photos of your product’s packaging for review. You can learn more about the approval requirements [here](/help/hub/reference/G200333160).
  6. If you can't find your brand, double-check your spelling and spacing, and search again.
  7. If still not found, click ‘Can't find my brand' to enroll your brand in Amazon. If you are the brand owner with a registered or pending trademark, you can use Brand Registry enrollment process. If you are a reseller or do not own a trademark for your brand, you can use Brand Name Approval process.

## Brand Applications Under Review

Brand Applications Under Review table allows you to track Brand Registry,
Brand Name Approval and Selling applications that were submitted and are
currently under review.

## How to use Brand Applications Under Review

  

  1. On the Manage Your Brands page, open the Brand Application in Progress tab.
  2. Review the list of your current applications. Each entry will show the brand name and the link to the applications dashboard. If you are a brand owner who submitted a Brand Registry application, the link will take you to "Manage Applications" page in Brand Registry. If you are a reseller who submitted a selling application, the link will take you to Selling Applications summary page, where you can find additional information such as the case link.
  3. If an application is approved, the brand will automatically be added to your Brand Portfolio. 
  4. If an application is rejected, you'll receive information about the rejection reason in the case log. 

## FAQ

#### What are the requirements to enroll a brand in Brand Registry?

To enroll a brand, you must provide the following information:

  

  1. Your brand name that has an active registered or pending trademark; the trademark for your brand must appear on your products or packaging and you must provide images that depict this.
  2. The trademark registration number provided by the Intellectual Property office. Application number provided by the Intellectual Property office can only be provided if you are enrolling with a trademark pending registration.
  3. A list of product categories (such as, apparel, sporting goods, electronics) in which your brand should be listed.

Note that a Brand Registry application must be submitted by an applicant who
is internally affiliated with the brand. Brand Registry applications submitted
by external parties (such as, resellers, distributors) will be rejected
accordingly. All applicants must first create a Brand Registry account with
their seller/vendor credentials via before applying for Brand Registry
enrollment. To learn more about the Brand Registry application process, visit
[Brand Registry
website](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry/eligibility).

#### I am a brand owner who applied to Brand Registry. How can I track the
status of my application?

You can see the Brand Registry applications that are under review on Manage
Your Brands page. Brand enrollment status of these applications would say
"Processing application to enroll new brand via Brand Registry." If you click
the brand enrollment status, you would be directed to **Manage applications**
page in Brand Registry. You can search for applications by brand name,
trademark name or application status. You can view the status of your
applications and case links for applications requiring more information for
approval.

#### I am a brand owner but I don’t have a trademark for my brand. Can I still
add the brand to my portfolio and create new listings with the brand?

Yes. You can create new listings with the brand but all new brand names must
be approved by Amazon before listing. Review the [Amazon Brand Name
Policy](/help/hub/reference/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ) before creating new listings. If
you don’t have a trademark for your brand, you can submit a brand-name
approval application with the following information:

  

  1. The brand name of your product. The brand name for which you request approval must be spelled exactly as you’d like it to appear on the detail page.
  2. Product identifier information (UPC/EAN/JAN)
  3. Images of the product and packaging that clearly show the brand name permanently affixed to the product or packaging.
     * The branding on the packaging must be real, not digitally added to the product or packaging in photo post-processing, or completely computer generated.
     * The branding must be distinguishable from similar products that do not belong to the brand.
     * The branding cannot be an attempt to obfuscate a different brand name.

#### What are the benefits of enrolling my brand in Brand Registry vs Brand
Name Approval?

While Brand Name Approval allows you to list products under a specific brand
name, Brand Registry provides additional benefits such as enhanced brand
protection, greater control over product detail page, access to brand building
benefits such as A+ Content and Brand Stores. For more information on the
programs benefits, click [here](https://brandservices.amazon.com/benefits).

#### I am a reseller who wants to create new listings with a brand that is not
sold on Amazon. Can I still add the brand to my portfolio and create new
listings with the brand?

Yes. You can seek approval to create new listings for your brand by providing
the following information:  

  1. The brand name of your product. The brand name for which you request approval must be spelled exactly as you’d like it to appear on the detail page.
  2. Product identifier information (UPC/EAN/JAN)
  3. Images of the product and packaging that clearly show the brand name permanently affixed to the product or packaging.
     * The branding on the packaging must be real, not digitally added to the product or packaging in photo post-processing, or completely computer generated.
     * The branding must be distinguishable from similar products that do not belong to the brand.
     * The branding cannot be an attempt to obfuscate a different brand name.

Note that you must only create new listings when the product does not exist in
Amazon’s catalog. Creating a new listing when the product already exists in
Amazon's catalog is prohibited and can result in your listing creation or
selling privileges being temporarily suspended or permanently removed. For
more information on ASIN creation policy, click
[here](/help/hub/reference/G201844590).

#### I am a reseller whose selling application for a branded product was
approved. How do I receive selling benefits, such as A+ content and Brand
Stores, for my brands?

You must contact the Brand administrator in Brand Registry to assign a selling
role to your account. Brand administrator can assign selling roles to selling
accounts by going to **Manage** on the Brand Registry homepage, and selecting
**Manage selling accounts**. To learn more about selling roles and brand
benefits, visit [this help page](/help/hub/reference/GJ84K745AL3R5N3Q).

#### I am a reseller who is no longer selling a brand displayed in my brand
portfolio. How can I remove the brand association?

You can use the remove button on Manage Your Brands page to remove the brand
from your portfolio. If your account is also associated with a selling role in
Brand Registry, the remove button would be disabled for your brand on Manage
Your Brands page. You must contact the brand administrator to remove the
selling role connected to your account in Brand Registry. Brand administrator
can manage selling roles by going to Manage on the Brand Registry homepage,
and selecting Manage selling accounts.

#### The current Administrator has left the company or is no longer associated
with the brand. How can I update the Administrator?

If there are no active Administrators under the brand, there are several ways
to request access to your brand.  

  1. If you have at least one brand already enrolled in Brand Registry under your account, you can submit your request via the Brand Registry Support page by selecting the Update brand ownership option. Your request will be reviewed, and you will receive a response accordingly.
  2. You may attempt to apply for Brand Registry with the same trademark number as a currently-enrolled brand. Once you enter the already registered Trademark number, a warning will appear, offering a link to a form for sharing your contact information. After clicking the link, you'll access the Share contact information form. At the bottom of the form there’s a link only for eligible users, leading to an Appeal Submission Form. If your appeal succeeds, you'll be added to the brand as an additional user.

#### I am selling generic products. Do I still need approval to sell the
product?

No, generic products are unbranded products that don’t belong to any
identifiable brand. An unbranded product doesn’t have a distinctive name or
logo. For example, a mobile phone case that doesn’t belong to a brand wouldn’t
have any branding, so “generic” should be entered in the brand-name field when
a new listing is created. For more information on Amazon Generic Product
Policy, click [here](/help/hub/reference/G84H3T69ZX762NWT).

