---
title: Manage Orders FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G69124
section: General Documentation
---

## What should I do if I don’t receive the “Sold, Ship Now” email
notification?

We encourage you to check **Manage Orders** in your seller account at least
once a day to ensure you are aware of all incoming orders. Do not rely on the
**Sold, Ship Now** email notification alone to identify shippable orders. You
can also check for shippable orders using the [Unshipped
Orders](/help/hub/reference/200133720) report.

Here are some common causes and possible solutions for why you may not be
receiving your **Sold, Ship Now** email notifications:

  * Connection blocked

The connection between the Amazon mail server and your mail server timed out,
or your Internet service provider (ISP) was temporarily unable to receive
messages.

    * Contact your ISP to ensure that there are no problems with your account.
    * Confirm that your ISP is not filtering emails from Amazon.

  * Email bounced

Your email address is incorrect or your inbox was full.

    * Verify that your contact information is correct in **Account Info** (under **Settings**) in Seller Central.
    * Be sure to maintain your primary selling account mailbox to ensure you receive all messages from Amazon. If your inbox is full, emails can’t be delivered.

  * Email filtered or discarded

Your email service identified the message as spam or junk.

    * Check your Junk and Trash folders for the missing **Sold, Ship Now** emails.
    * Check any spam filters or rules you have that may inadvertently filter out these emails.
    * Add seller-notification@amazon.com to your contacts list.

Only ship orders that you can verify in **Manage Orders**. All orders listed
as **Unshipped** in your seller account can and should be shipped promptly in
accordance with Amazon policies.

**Note:** If you do not confirm shipment for an order within 30 days of the
order date, we will automatically cancel the order and will not charge the
buyer, even if you already shipped the order.

## What should I do when a single item was sold to two buyers?

There are instances when inventory management issues may lead to multiple
sales of a single item. For example, when a buyer initiates a purchase for a
single-quantity listing but payment is not immediately successful, the listing
may still appear on **Manage Inventory** with a quantity of "0" while payment
is pending. If the listing is then edited, this will add a quantity of "1" and
bring the total quantity available for purchase to two. At that point, two
buyers could submit purchases for the listing in two different orders.

Monitor completed and pending orders and keep listings updated to reflect
real-time inventory quantities. If you have only one item available, tell the
second buyer that the item is unavailable, cancel the order you are unable to
fulfill, and refund the buyer. When you cancel an order, we will update the
order status in the buyer's Amazon account, and also send an email message to
notify the buyer. Keep in mind that buyers can leave feedback for orders that
have been canceled by sellers.

## What if a buyer says they didn't receive their order?

If a buyer says that they didn't receive an order, your customer service
policy ultimately determines how you will handle it. All sellers are expected
to provide high level customer service. We encourage you to work with the
buyer to reach a mutually agreeable solution. For FBA orders, refer the buyer
to [Amazon Customer Service](https://www.amazon.com/hz/contact-
us?from=gp&language=en_US&ref=ag_home_cont_GWJ25RM5T6GEJCTF&_encoding=UTF8&).

Below are some ways you can handle this situation. Note that regardless of
which option you choose, the buyer might still post negative feedback for the
transaction. To handle negative feedbacks, refer to [What can I do about
negative feedback?](/help/hub/reference/201520590)

The most customer-friendly solution is to issue a refund for a product that
was not received. Before initiating a refund, there are other options to
consider:

  * Ask the buyer to wait a bit longer for the order to arrive

See [Contact a buyer using Buyer-Seller
Messages](/help/hub/reference/GTV8NTY5RM6N9LUN) to learn how to initiate
communication. If you choose this option, be aware that the buyer might file
an A-to-z Guarantee claim. Learn more about [Amazon’s A-to-z Guarantee
Claims](/help/hub/reference/G27951) and how to [Respond to an A-to-z Guarantee
claim](/help/hub/reference/G1781).

Buyers can file a claim 3 calendar days after the maximum estimated delivery
date or 30 days after the order date, whichever is earlier. They have 90 days
from the maximum estimated delivery date or date of service to file a claim.
However, Amazon reserves the right to accept claims after that time frame.

  * Ship a replacement order at your cost

If you choose this option, issue a refund, and then ask the buyer to reorder
the product. Although this might cause a financial loss to your business, it
helps maintain good customer experience. If the original order arrives, you
can arrange a return with the buyer.

  * Contact your shipping carrier

If an order is lost in transit or shipped to the wrong address, sometimes you
can get help from your shipping carrier. If you purchased package tracking or
insurance, the carrier might be able to help find the package or file an
insurance claim. If you did not get tracking information, your carrier might
have other options available to help find the package.

**Note:**

    * We encourage you to use tracking when you ship packages. Tracking can significantly reduce the costs associated with a lost shipment. It is also your best protection for A-to-z Guarantee claims. If you sell in the **Office Products** or **Shoes** categories, you must provide valid tracking numbers for 95% of US shipments.
    * For most US carriers (UPS, USPS, FedEx, DHL), shipment tracking is already built into the cost to ship (including USPS First Class and Media Mail shipments). If you purchase shipping through Amazon's Shipping Service, tracking is added free of charge.

  * Refund the buyer

The most considerate approach is to issue a refund for a product that was not
received. If the original order arrives after you've made a refund, Amazon can
recharge the customer (with their authorization). For information about full
and partial refunds, go to [Issue a full
refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650090) and [Issue a partial
refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650140). For FBA orders, refer the buyer to
[Amazon Customer Service](https://www.amazon.com/hz/contact-
us?from=gp&language=en_US&ref=ag_home_cont_GWJ25RM5T6GEJCTF&_encoding=UTF8&).
To learn about how returns and refunds are handled for Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA) orders, see [FBA customer returns
policy](/help/hub/reference/G200379860).

**Note:** The Seller Assurance for e-Commerce Transactions (SAFE-T) process
allows you to file a claim for reimbursement if you want to appeal Amazon's
decision to issue a refund to a customer. At Amazon's sole discretion, you may
be issued a reimbursement in cases where Amazon determines that you were not
at fault. For more information, refer to [Reimbursement policy for Prepaid
Return Labels (PRL) in the seller-fulfilled
network](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).

