---
title: Manage seller-fulfilled returns
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200708210
section: General Documentation
---

## Return policy overview

Amazon's returns policy allows most items to be returned for a refund or
replacement within 30 days of the estimated delivery date. However, the return
window may vary based on the product category. To determine if a product has a
longer return window, go to [Amazon.com Returns
Policy](/gp/help/customer/display.html?ref_=v_sp_return_help&nodeId=GKM69DUUYKQWKWX7).

**Important points to remember**

  * Amazon automatically authorizes US return requests that fall within the policy, including seller-fulfilled items that are exempt from [prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled orders](/help/hub/reference/G202072200).
  * Return requests that are out of policy or that belong to a category of products exempt from automatic authorization, such as some dangerous goods, will be sent for manual authorization. You must respond to manual authorization requests within 24 hours. For more information, go to [Authorize a return request](/help/hub/reference/G9DH343PLXALFTUW).
  * After you authorize a return request, the buyer has 15 days after the return window closes, allowing for transit time, to return an item.
  * Issue refunds within two business days of receiving a return.
  * Failure to act may result in Amazon issuing a refund to the buyer on your behalf and charging your account.
  * If you refuse to accept the return of an item and Amazon determines that it is materially different, you may be held responsible for any A-to-z Guarantee claim or chargeback dispute that is filed.

For information about our international returns policy, go to [Customer
returns for international sales](/help/hub/reference/G201468550).

## Prepaid return labels

US sellers are enrolled automatically into [prepaid returns for seller-
fulfilled orders](/help/hub/reference/G202072200). We provide buyers with
prepaid return shipping labels through our [Buy Shipping
services](/help/hub/reference/G200202220).

You can request an exemption for certain SKUs. For more information, go to
[Request exemption from prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled
orders](/help/hub/reference/202174980). For exempt SKUs, you can provide a
seller-paid label to the buyer on [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/). We
recommend that these seller-paid labels include tracking.

## Manage return requests

Use [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/) to handle your return and replacement
requests. On that page, you can do the following:

  * View the overall status of all your return and replacement requests.
  * Check all pending actions for your requests.
  * Authorize your return request, if required.
  * Provide different kinds of refunds to the buyer.
  * Reach out to the buyer directly.
  * Complete or close your return request. 

To download a summary of returns and refunds for a specific time period, click
**View reports** on the **Manage Returns** page or go to [Return
Reports](/returns/report/).

For more information, go to [Manage
returns](/help/hub/reference/GJD7X9PEBKQVZ2RZ).

## Handle special situations

**Buyer returns the wrong item**

Sometimes buyers mistakenly return a different item than the one they bought
from you. If this happens, take the following steps:

  1. Contact the buyer to clarify the situation.

  2. Ask if they would like you to return the item to them.

  3. Tell them that they can return the correct item for a refund. If the buyer says they'd like the wrong item back, consider sending it back. In this case, you aren't obligated to pay for shipping charges. We recommend that you reach an agreement with the buyer on who will pay the charges before you ship the item. 

  4. Consider giving the benefit of the doubt if the buyer says they received the wrong item initially.

**Note:** If you can't reach a resolution, you have the option to charge a
100% restocking fee to the buyer while issuing a refund. For more information,
go to [Guidelines for charging restocking
fees](/help/hub/reference/G201725780). If Amazon has already issued a refund
for such a return, you may be eligible to file a SAFE-T reimbursement claim.
To learn more, go to [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid
returns](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).

**Out-of-policy return requests**

Sometimes buyers may request a return of an order outside the return window.
If this happens, you can accept or deny the request. If you deny the request,
provide a detailed response to the buyer using the [Buyer-Seller Messaging
Service](/gp/help/200389080).

Remember that buyers can file an A-to-z Guarantee claim if they're
unsatisfied. Always strive to resolve issues directly with buyers before
claims are filed.

## Appeals and disputes

In scenarios where Amazon has issued a refund on your behalf and you believe
the refund was unjustified, you have the following claims options:

  * **A-to-z Guarantee claims** : If the buyer was issued a refund as the result of an A-to-z Guarantee claim, you can submit an appeal. To learn more, go to [Appeal an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/help/hub/reference/G202041210).
  * **SAFE-T reimbursement claims** : You can file a claim if Amazon issued a refund on your behalf for US domestic returns through refund at first scan, customer service issued, or other automatic refund methods (because you didn't issue the refund within 48 hours of receiving the return). To learn more, go to [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).
  * **Chargeback claims** : If you were charged as a result of a chargeback case filed by the buyer, you can appeal the claim. To learn more, go to [Respond to a chargeback claim](/help/hub/reference/G202145040).
  * **Lost or damaged in transit claims** : If an order is returned damaged and you believe the damage was caused by the carrier, you can use the [optional coverage for loss or damage](/help/hub/reference/G200204080) process to file a claim.

## See also

[Issue refunds and concessions for seller-fulfilled
orders](/help/hub/reference/GU7K5N5GUP67M4X9)

[Issue concessions](/help/hub/reference/G200359070)

