---
title: Manage product videos FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/Y4LL3M3WJEFE8MZ
section: General Documentation
---

## How long does it take for videos to appear on the detail page?

It typically takes three days for videos to appear on related product detail
pages.

**Note:** If your video has been in **Live** status for two days but hasn’t
shown up on the detail page of your products, check the number of images
present for your product. Softlines category products must have fewer than six
images in order for videos to appear on the detail page.

## Can my video or metadata contain external links?

Videos can't include any web links, URLs, or calls to action that direct the
customer away from the product detail page.

## How do I find the rejection reason for my video?

View rejection reasons by following these steps:  

  1. Go to the [Upload and manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) page.
  2. Search for the video.
  3. Click **Manage** for the video in question.
  4. See the rejection reason on the top of the screen.

## How do I update my video after it has been rejected?

We do not support edits to the video file. If you want to update the video,
you must re-upload the video.

## How can I update the thumbnail for a video?

Upon upload, a thumbnail will be automatically generated for the video. If you
decide to replace it, click the thumbnail to upload an image. You must use a
high-quality image in either JPEG or PNG format.

## How do I remove a video?

You can either delete the video or remove the ASINs from the video.

Delete the video by following these steps:  

  1. Go to the [Upload and manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) page.
  2. Search for the video.
  3. Click the trash can icon next to the video.

**Note:** This option will completely remove the video from all product pages.

Remove specific ASINs by following these steps:  

  1. Go to the [Upload and manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) page.
  2. Search for the video.
  3. Click **Manage** next to the video.
  4. Remove ASINs and save.

**Note:** All videos must be associated with at least one ASIN

## Can I edit a video?

We don't support edits to a video file. If you want to update a video, you
must upload it again.

However, you can change the title, thumbnail, and ASIN association after the
video is live. To do this, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to the [Upload and manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) page.
  2. Search for the video.
  3. Make the required changes.

All edits will be reprocessed for review.

## Can I bulk upload video files?

Bulk upload of videos is currently not supported.

## How many videos and images can be added to the image block?

The image block will display a maximum of six images and videos combined. For
a video to show in the image block, there must be fewer than six images. This
restriction only applies to softlines product listings displayed on desktop.

## How is the order of the videos determined on the detail page?

The detail page will always prioritize the most recently uploaded video.

## Can I remove videos from detail pages?

We do not allow anyone to remove other videos unless they directly violate
[community
guidelines](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201929730).

If you believe that a video is in violation of one or more policies, please
report it by clicking **REPORT** on the video player.

## Where will my video appear if I have shared listings in the US and Canada
stores?

If you have common listings across the US and Canada stores, detail page
videos will appear on both the US and Canada listings. By loading a video on a
listing in the US that is also a shared listing in Canada or vice versa, the
video will automatically display in both stores.

You can choose to delete videos in either the US or Canada stores by following
these steps in that store:  

  1. Go to the [Manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) page, and identify the applicable video.
  2. Click the trash can icon next to the video.
  3. Select one of the following options:
     * **Delete from current marketplace only**
     * **Delete from other marketplace only**
     * **Delete from all marketplaces including current one**

Taking no action will allow these product videos to display in both the US and
Canada stores on listings that are shared across these two countries.

**Note:** No other stores are enabled for video sharing at this time.

## Can I upload a video in a secondary language of preference?

You can upload videos in your country’s dominant or secondary languages. When
uploading videos, go to **Language of video** and select the applicable
language. The drop-down list will include all languages that are supported in
that store.

## What are the different video types?

**Product overview** :

  * Provides an overview of a product, including its features and physical traits 
  * Can demonstrate real-life use cases and scenarios 
  * Might apply to a particular brand or demonstrate a product feature that is common across many products

**Unboxing** :

  * Shows a product being taken out of its shipping box 
  * Helps customers see the size and scale of a product as well as the contents of the box in which it is delivered

**Product operation/How-to** :

  * Demonstrates or explains how to perform a task, such as how to steam vegetables with your product
  * Might also provide a specific example of how to use a product, such as how to make a particular steamed vegetable recipe

**Setup** :

  * Demonstrates how to set up a single product 
  * Typically feature a step-by-step guide for setting up or assembling a product, such as how to assemble a bed

**Troubleshooting** :

  * Explains how to overcome or fix common issues with a product (for example, a video for a remote control might demonstrate what to do if it’s not connecting to your television)

**Brand story** :

  * Provides an overview of a brand’s vision, mission, values, journey, or series of products (for example, a brand’s environmental mission or origin story)

**Other** :

  * Can be used for videos that do not fit into any of the previously defined categories

## What happens if I select "include ASIN’s product variations" during the
video upload process?

Product variation extension enables videos to be shared across ASIN variation
product pages (Parent and Child variations). When selected, customers will be
able to view your videos when they toggle between product variation pages.
ASIN variation sets may include product variations such as size, color and
packaging. For more information, go to [Variation
relationships.](/gp/help/G8831/ref=ASV_VSEHP24)

## Can I include any ASIN within a variation set during the video upload
workflow when enabling variation extension?

Yes, you may include any ASIN within a variation set (child or parent) during
video upload when enabling variation extension.

## If I select "include ASIN’s product variations" during upload, how long
will it take for videos to appear on variation product pages?

We process and review all uploaded videos. It typically takes three days for
videos to appear on product variation pages once in Published status.

## Where can I find a complete list of my ASIN’s variations?

To learn more about the variation sets, go to [Variation
relationships.](/gp/help/G8831/ref=ASV_VSEHP24)

## Can I extend my existing product videos to related product variation pages?

Yes, to turn on the extension, go to [Upload and manage
videos](/creatorhub/video/library) and select Manage next to the relevant
video. Enable "include ASIN(s)’ product variations" for the video to map to
the selected ASIN variations. It may take up to three days for videos to
appear on the product pages.

## Can I turn off the variation extension and remove existing product videos
from related product variation pages?

Go to [Upload and manage videos](/creatorhub/video/library) and select
**Manage** next to the relevant video. Disable the variation extension. Videos
may take up to three days to be removed from ASIN(s)’ variation product pages.

