---
title: Manage your jobs efficiently
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GC5H82HXKVPHBWHY
section: General Documentation
---

Navigate through your [Manage Jobs](/hz/local-
services/orders/list/ref=xx_vasodlst_dnav_xx?) page using these advanced
features and meet your business needs by customizing your order search and
gain real-time access to important details for all orders assigned to you.

In this page you may look for orders available on your Seller Central Account
and tailor your search by using a combination of filters. Also, you have the
possibility to download the results for your internal sheet reports.

Use the specialized filters for:

  * Downloading customized Job Reports
  * Sort jobs by appointment date to see what is coming up
  * Assign jobs to technicians or upcoming jobs for a technician
  * Search for a customer order
  * Carrying job completion review for desired locations and technicians 
  * Identifying problems (orders with a late start, a late completion, or any other issue that has occurred)

##  **How to use the filters?**

After logging into your Seller Central account go to [Manage Jobs](/hz/local-
services/orders/list/ref=xx_vasodlst_dnav_xx?) (on the top navigation menu,
under **Orders** , choose **Manage Jobs**).

Look for the **Show Filters** button on the top left just above the list view
of Orders.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G8HM7MDPLVKYT2AA_Global_en-US.jpeg)

Once you click on the **Show Filters** button, it is visible a set of filters
that include Order Status, Appointment Time, Technicians, Service Locations
and Issues.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GG4DATF2R5SBLXJP_Global_en-US.jpeg)

With this drop-down menu you will be able to select multiple values for as
many of the filters as you'd like.

Filtering by appointment time, automatically sorts jobs by their appointment
time instead of order date.

For example, if you want to search for _open jobs_ with an appointment set in
the _next 6 hours_ for the service location (i.e. coverage area) of _Baltimore
MD_ it will look as the image below. Remember to click on **Apply** to show
the results.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G8S8DDK38WX2JN2L_Global_en-US.jpeg)

## Customize your search and download your reports

One of the best features offered on this page is the ability to download the
reports. Look for the **Download CSV report** button just above the list view
of orders on the top right of the page. Click on it and you will activate the
Job Report process.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GW79BPLCQV76FPN7_Global_en-US.jpeg)

After clicking on the **Download CSV report** the report will start being
processed. To check the status and download you need to navigate to the [Job
Reports](/hz/local-services-reports/job-reports/ref=xx_vasjbr_dnav_xx) page.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GD98G9W9L3CB36UJ_Global_en-US.jpeg)

##  **Job reports at your hands**

The Job Reports page can be accessed by clicking **Job Reports** under the
**Reports** tab on the top navigation menu.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G7JQDLAVX54HR2MD_Global_en-US.jpeg)

On the **Job Reports** you will see the status of the report. It will appear
first as **In Progress** and eventually will change to **Done** as soon as it
is ready.

After the status change, click the **Download** button to get the CSV file of
the Job Report requested previously. When the download is completed, you may
transfer the contents to an Excel sheet and analyze the job related details
for carrying out your varied fulfillment functions.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G4TJMG7537MMGYMP_Global_en-US.jpeg)

Note that the **Filter Data** column indicates if any filters have been
applied during your search. When you click on the **Filters** hyperlink, it
will display a pop-up with the filters you have applied.

You also may download your Job Reports without applying any filters by simply
clicking on the **Download CSV report** button. This will result in a default
download of open orders in your account with appointments from the last 30
days based on order date. The **Filter Data******column on the**Job Reports**
page will display as **No Filters** for a default Job Report, indicating no
filters have been applied for this report requested by you.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GPE3SGPZM36PD3UW_Global_en-US.jpeg)

**Important:** Keep in mind that after requesting a Job Report, you may need
to wait some time (depending on the amount of order it could be 30 minutes).
Please do not request a new report while the previous report is still being
processed, as an error may occur in your reports.

