---
title: Marking and labeling requirements for children’s products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GN9YK5Y7TYGRGNRG
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on our store, you must comply with all federal, state,
and local laws and our policies applicable to those products and product
listings, including this policy.

## Children's products covered by this policy

Children's products are defined as consumer products that are designed or
intended primarily for use by children 12 years of age or younger. Children’s
products are regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission and are
subject to a set of federal children’s product safety rules. Manufacturers and
importers of children’s products must provide consumer registration cards and
permanent distinguishing marks (generally referred to as “tracking labels”),
on the product and its packaging, that provide certain identifying
information.

**Note:** Importers, manufacturers, and private labelers of durable infant or
toddler products are subject to requirements for marking and labeling, on the
product and product packaging, in addition to the requirements listed on this
page.

## Our policy for product marking and labeling

Amazon requires that all children’s products comply with the specific
regulation or standard requirements listed below:

Product | Regulation/Standard requirements  
---|---  
Products that are designed or intended primarily for use by children 12 years of age or younger* | 

  * Consumer Product Safety Act Section 14(a)(5) (Tracking Label)

  
Durable infant or toddler products* |  All of the following:

  * Consumer Product Safety Act Section 14(a)(5) (Tracking Label); **and**
  * 16 Code of Federal Regulations Part 1130 (Requirements for Consumer Registration of Durable Infant or Toddler Products)

  
  
***** Children’s products are subject to additional compliance requirements
specific to the product type. For more information about these requirements,
go to [Product compliance](/gp/help/external/help-
page.html?itemID=XMGGPL6LC4CVXHT).

## Required information

We will request this information from you at any time, so we recommend that
you have it easily accessible.

Tracking labels must meet the following requirements:

  * Be permanently affixed to the product and its packaging; **and**
  * Provide certain identifying information

All tracking labels must include the following information:

  * **Name of the manufacturer, private labeler, or brand**
  * **Production date and production location** (city, state, administrative region, or country)
  * **Detailed information about the manufacturing process** (such as the manufacturer or distributor code, a batch or run number, and any other identifying characteristics)
  * **Any other information to describe the specific source of the product**

**Note:** The manufacturer or private labeler that’s listed on the tracking
label can be either a domestic or a foreign entity.

## Additional requirements for durable infant and toddler products

For [durable infant and toddler products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--
Manufacturing/Business-Education/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products/Durable-
Infant-or-Toddler-Product-Consumer-Registration-Cards), we require product
images **_or_** test report as evidence of compliance with the consumer
registration card requirement (16 CFR Part 1130). If we request a consumer
registration card for durable infant or toddler products, the document or
image that you provide must include **all** of the information listed below.

**Note:** Amazon may not be listed as importer, record holder, or any other
responsible party on the consumer registration card.

Registration cards must meet the following requirements:

  * Be attached to the surface of each infant and toddler product so that the consumer will notice and can read the information after purchasing the product
  * Be at least the size of two standard post cards, connected with perforation for later separation, so that each of the two portions is at least 3.5 inches high x 5 inches wide x 0.007 inches thick

**Note:** The registration card **must not** be digitalized or printed on
standard letter size paper (8.5 x 11 inches).

All registration cards must contain certain basic information, including the
following:

  * **Name of the manufacturer or private labeler** ; and
    * **Company website and brand name** ; and
    * **Manufacturer code, distributor code, or run number**
  * **Production date and production location** (city, state, administrative region, or country)
  * **Manufacturer contact information** : Provide the U.S. address and telephone number, toll-free if available
  * **Model name and number** : Provide the model name and number related to the specific product
  * **Include an option for consumers to register through the Internet or via email** : Provide the registration page web address **or** the manufacturer’s e-mail address
  * **Postage paid** : Provide a card with postage paid, and evidence of pre-paid postage in the upper right corner of the front side of the card

## Compliance services

If you need help getting compliance certifications, testing, and audits, use
our [service provider network](/gspn).

## Policy violations

If you do not provide the required information by the applicable deadline, we
may take the following actions:

  * Remove the relevant product listings
  * Suspend your ability to add new products, your listing privileges, or both
  * Withhold any payments due to you

We reserve the right to take any further actions that may be necessary in our
sole discretion.

## Additional resources

  * [Amazon services business solutions agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act](https://www.cpsc.gov/Regulations-Laws--Standards/Statutes/The-Consumer-Product-Safety-Improvement-Act/)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission Business Education](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission Tracking Label Requirement for Children's Products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/tracking-label)
  * [Consumer Product Safety Commission Consumer Registration Cards for Durable Infant or Toddler Products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Product-Consumer-Registration-Cards)
  * [Durable Infant or Toddler Products](https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Durable-Infant-or-Toddler-Products)

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not, and is not
intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

