---
title: Marketplace Tax Collection for Illinois FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYA6NRX7MT6ZJBPF
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have questions.

**As of January 1, 2021 Amazon will be responsible to calculate, collect, and
remit retailers occupation tax on 3P seller offers shipping to buyers in
Illinois. The Illinois Department of Revenue published a resource
page["Leveling the Playing Field for Illinois Retail
Act"](https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/research/taxinformation/sales/Pages/Level-
the-Playing-Field.aspx) and [flow
chart](https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/research/taxinformation/sales/Documents/LevelingthePlayingFieldRetailerFlowchart.pdf)
to reference. Please work with your tax advisor to address any changes that
may apply to your business.**

The following information below applies to all sales shipped to buyers in
Illinois from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and are provided for
your reference.

#### What is unique about Illinois marketplace facilitator legislation?

All sales into Illinois will be subject to state administered use tax or
retail occupational tax (ROT). However, due to state legislation and
regulation, Amazon will not collect or remit ROT on seller orders. As a
result, Amazon will calculate, collect, and remit (as the marketplace
facilitator) state use tax on all sales destined to Illinois.

If ROT is the appropriate tax rate for the order, you may continue to have an
obligation to remit the ROT even though you cannot calculate and collect the
full ROT rate on your Illinois orders through the Tax Calculation Service and
Amazon remits the use tax collected on all orders.

#### What will happen to Tax Calculation Services for Illinois?

Marketplace Tax Collection will begin on January 1, 2020. At this time, your
Tax Calculation Services options and selections will no longer be available or
apply on your orders destined to Illinois.

#### What taxes will be calculated on third-party orders shipped to Illinois?

Amazon will calculate and remit (as the taxpayer) state use tax on all your
orders but will not calculate and remit ROT.

#### What tax am I as a seller responsible for on orders shipped to Illinois?

If ROT is the appropriate tax for an order, you may continue to have an
obligation to remit the ROT even though you cannot calculate and collect the
full ROT rate on your Illinois orders through the Tax Calculation Service and
Amazon remits the use tax collected on those orders. Your responsibility
depends on your business obligations. Please consult your professional tax
advisor to determine the impacts of Illinoisâ€™ marketplace facilitator
legislation on your business.

#### What is Amazon doing to support ROT tax calculations for sellers?

We are prioritizing enhancements to our Tax Calculation Services to support
Illinois ROT vs use tax calculations for your orders. In the meantime, we
encourage you to work with your tax professional to determine any impact to
your business.

#### How do I find orders shipped to Illinois to determine the tax amount
collected by Amazon?

Your **Payments Date Range Report** is the best option to locate orders
shipped to Illinois.  

  1. Go to your [Date Range Reports](/payments/reports/custom/request?tbla_daterangereportstable). Click **Generate Report** and enter a date range in the pop-up window to generate a report for the time period you want to see.
  2. When the report is ready, the **Download** button will appear under **Action**. You can open the report in Excel, Google Sheets, or a similar spreadsheet program.
  3. Apply filters in your report starting on row 8 (headers for the columns):  

    1. Filter column K "order state" for Illinois **and** IL to capture all Illinois orders.
  4. Product sales (amounts) are located in column M.

#### Additional resources (all links are external to Amazon)

For more information, please see the [Illinois Department of Revenue Bulletin
- Illinois Use Tax Requirements for Marketplace Facilitators and Marketplace
Sellers](https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/research/publications/bulletins/Documents/2020/FY2020-18.pdf)
(downloads as PDF).

You can also visit the [Illinois Department of Revenue
website](https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/Pages/default.aspx), review their
[guidance for remote
sellers](https://www2.illinois.gov/rev/research/legalinformation/EmergencyRules/Wayfair/Pages/default.aspx),
or read through their legislation [Public Act
101-0009](http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/publicacts/101/PDF/101-0009.pdf).

