---
title: Merchant Fulfillment API service terms
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202123940
section: General Documentation
---

These service terms (the “Service Terms”) govern use of a series of APIs we
make available to you that enable your systems to interface with certain
features and functionalities available to sellers (the “Merchant Fulfillment
APIs”). These Service Terms are part of the Amazon Services API Developer
Agreement (the "Agreement"), but, unless specifically provided otherwise,
concern and apply only to your participation in the Amazon Services API
(including the Marketplace Web Service API) through use of the Merchant
Fulfillment APIs or services accessible via the Merchant Fulfillment APIs (the
“Services”). All capitalized terms not defined in these Service Terms have the
respective meanings set forth in the Agreement.

To the extent that you use or access the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services
to make your Application available for commercial use, your Application must
offer all technical and operational specifications set forth in the Amazon
Services API Specifications applicable to the Merchant Fulfillment APIs and
may not (or allow anyone acting on your behalf to) restrict or limit end user
access to the features or functionalities of the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or
Services. Your Application must prominently display, and must not obscure
access to, the features and functionalities of the Merchant Fulfillment APIs
or Services.

Access to all of the features and functionalities of the Merchant Fulfillment
APIs or Services through your Application must be provided 24 hours per day,
365 days per year. The time period between when you have received information
via the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services and when you display or offer
the information via your Application will be less than or equal to 5 seconds
at least 99.9% of the time in each one-month period after the date on which
you first offer your Application for commercial use.

You may not charge any additional fees of any kind, to any seller or other end
user, for access to or use of the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services, or
for any information, functionality, or services associated with the Merchant
Fulfillment APIs or Services.

You may not disable, obscure, replace, modify, or add to rates provided by
Amazon via the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services, and you may not display
or advertise Amazon rates that are different than the rates provided by Amazon
via the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services.

You will display or otherwise provide to end users, and not remove, modify or
obscure, any attributions, copyright information, terms and conditions, or
other notices that Amazon may provide to you in connection with the Merchant
Fulfillment APIs or Services.

You will only access the Merchant Fulfillment APIs or Services on behalf of
specific sellers or other end users requesting use of the Services.

Upon request, you will provide us access to your Application for purposes of
testing and verifying the features and functionalities of your Application.
You agree that Amazon may monitor your Application to ensure quality, improve
Amazon products and services, and confirm your compliance with these Service
Terms and the Agreement.

