---
title: Micro deposit verification FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G3VMLXD2ZL3V47JC
section: General Documentation
---

To ensure timely and successful payouts, we need to verify the deposit method
information you provided during your Seller Central registration. On this
page, you can find information on the deposit method verification process.

## What is micro deposit verification?

Micro deposit verification is when Amazon attempts to verify the payment
details we have on file for your business. Amazon will attempt to verify your
payment details when you add or update new deposit methods to your account, or
when your account balance is updated after a considerable period of
inactivity.

## How will Amazon conduct a micro deposit verification?

When conducting a micro deposit verification, we transfer one cent from your
upcoming Seller Central balance to your bank account in advance of your
settlement date to confirm that your deposit method is still active and
disbursable.

## What will happen if my micro deposit verification fails?

We will inform you if the micro deposit verification fails and advise you on
the next steps via the email you provided during your Seller Central
registration. The email will contain the reason for the failure and guide you
on how to update your deposit methods to ensure that you can receive your
upcoming disbursements on time.

## Are there any fees for micro deposit verification service?

There are no fees for this service.

## How will it benefit me as a seller?

Micro deposit verification serves as a quick and efficient way for you to
ensure that your deposit methods are up-to-date and contain accurate payment
information prior to your settlement date. With micro deposit verification,
you can ensure that your payments will be disbursed to your preferred deposit
method as planned and avoid any unnecessary disbursement delays associated
with you receiving your funds.

## Can I opt out of this service?

You cannot opt out of this service.

## Will micro deposit verification affect my payment cycle?

If the verification process is successful, it won’t affect your payment cycle.
However, if the micro deposit verification fails and you don’t take the
corrective steps described in the email sent to your address on file, then
your funds will carry forward to the next settlement date.

## I didn’t get paid. Does that mean the verification has failed?

We apologize that you didn’t get paid. Please refer to [Why didn’t I get
paid](/gp/help/G19301) for common reasons why the disbursement is not in your
account.

For any additional questions, [contact us](/help/center).

