---
title: Modify order handling capacity
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GGKKJFSR59D8SFNP
section: General Documentation
---

The [order handling capacity](/sbr/handlingTime/edit) feature allows you to
set a limit for how many orders you can handle in a day. Once this limit is
reached, customers who are browsing your products will see a delivery promise
that is a day longer, and you’ll have an additional day of handling time.

This feature helps you feel confident in setting faster handling times,
knowing that once your daily limit is reached, additional orders will have
more time to be fulfilled.

**Note:** Only sellers with Professional selling plans can set their order
handling capacity.

The benefits of the order handling capacity feature include the following:

  * You can use the limit to help protect against [late shipment rates](/gp/help/G200285190) when you receive more orders than you can manage.
  * You can set your limit for the number of seller-fulfilled orders that you have to handle within 0-2 days. This setting allows you to better manage your fulfillment capacity, particularly during the holiday season.
  * You can feel more comfortable [setting a same-day or one-day default handling time](/gp/help/G200955560). Setting a faster handling time leads to faster estimated delivery times. Customers prefer faster deliveries and are more likely to buy products that have faster estimated delivery times. Products with faster estimated delivery times are also more likely to be the [Featured Offers](/gp/help/201687550) on product detail pages.

## How it works

You can set your order handling capacity based on the number of orders that
your business can manage within a day. If you receive additional orders beyond
this capacity, then those additional orders will have one day automatically
added to the handling time.

For example, let’s say that you set your order handling capacity to 100 orders
per day and that you have a one-day default handling time. For the first 100
orders, you’ll have one day to fulfill them, and for every order after the
first 100 orders, you’ll have a handling time of two days (one-day default
handling time + one-day adjustment from the order handling capacity).

Buyers browsing your products will see an expected ship time that is one day
longer.

**Note:** Order handling capacity does not count Seller Fulfilled Prime orders
or orders with the Premium Shipping option. For more information, go to
[Control Prime order volume](/gp/help/G202118910).

## How to set order handling capacity

To set or update your order handling capacity, follow these steps:

  1. In the settings menu on Seller Central, click **Shipping settings**.

  2. On the **Shipping settings** page, click the **General shipping settings** tab.

  3. Scroll down to **Handling time** and click **Edit**.

  4. Scroll down to **Order handling capacity**.

  5. Enter your order handling capacity and click **Save**.

Watch the video below to learn how the order handling capacity feature in
Seller Central can give you an extra day to process orders that exceed your
limit.

## Seller Fulfilled Prime and Premium Shipping orders

The order handling capacity only applies to seller-fulfilled orders that are
not Seller Fulfilled Prime and Premium Shipping option orders. You can set
your [Seller Fulfilled Prime order volume](/gp/help/G202118910) in your
general shipping settings.

If you set the daily order volume limit for Seller Fulfilled Prime orders,
this limit does not apply to the order handling capacity.

For example, let’s say that you set a Seller Fulfilled Prime order volume
limit of 100 orders and an order handling capacity of 150 orders. If you
receive 100 Prime orders in a day, then those 100 orders would not count
towards your order handling capacity of 150 orders.

The 101st Prime order that you receive would exceed the Prime order volume
limit and be counted as a non-Prime order, which would count toward the order
handling capacity. The remaining order handling capacity for that day would be
149 orders. The remaining Prime order capacity for that day would be zero
orders.

