---
title: Monthly subscription fee
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G67WTAUHB9TQ9M6U
section: General Documentation
---

The Professional selling plan is a monthly subscription service that provides
a suite of tools and benefits, including bulk listings, Selling Partner API
(SP-API), automated pricing, advanced business reports, customizable shipping
rates, and eligibility for top placement on detail pages.

## Fee details

**Time of charge** | Monthly, on the day of the subscription.  
---|---  
**Fee structure** | Per month subscribed. Single, fixed rate.  
  
**Suggested articles** : The following terms and help articles are helpful to
review as a foundation to understand the details of how this fee is
calculated.

[Selling plan comparison](/gp/help/G64491)

## Values used to calculate fee

Selling account subscription status | Determine if you are currently enrolled in a Professional selling plan.  
---|---  
  
## Rate card

The Professional selling plan is charged at $39.99 per month. This fee can
vary depending on whether you sell across multiple countries or regions and
whether your accounts are merged or not. See the FAQ below.

## Fee example

If you enroll in a Professional selling plan on January 15, you will be
charged $39.99 on that date. You will continue to be charged $39.99 each month
on that same day of the month.

If you cancel your Professional selling plan on March 15, you will be charged
$39.99 for that month and not after, unless you enroll again.

## Tools

**Reporting fees** | [Payments - Transaction View](/gp/payments-account/view-transactions.html)  
---|---  
  
## Frequently asked questions

#### Where can subscription fee charges be viewed?

Subscription fee charges can be viewed in [Payments - Transaction
View](/gp/payments-account/view-transactions.html) when filtered by “service
fees.”

#### I did not use any tools and want to end my Professional selling plan.
Will I get a refund?

You are eligible for a Professional selling plan refund if you have not used
any Professional tools or benefits after signing up. If you want to end your
Professional selling plan, you are eligible for a one-off refund of up to
three months, and your refund request needs to be initiated within 90 days
from the payment date of the Professional plan selling fees. If you meet this
refund criteria, use the tool below to request a refund.

#### If I did not generate a sale, am I eligible for a refund for the most
recent charge?

No. The subscription fee is charged for the use of tools and benefits. We do
not issue refunds based on your sales records.

#### My account was blocked or suspended. Will I still be charged the
subscription fee?

Yes, you will be charged the fee for the month during which your account was
blocked or suspended.

#### Will I be charged the subscription fee if I put my account on Vacation
mode?

Yes, you will be charged the fee for the period during which your account is
in Vacation mode.

#### Can I downgrade my Professional selling plan?

Yes, you can downgrade to an [Individual selling plan](/gp/help/G200399460)
using the account settings on Seller Central. You will no longer be charged
the monthly Professional selling plan subscription fee for the subsequent
months, provided you don’t have active listings in other stores where you
retain a Professional selling plan. You can continue to sell in Amazon stores,
but will lose access to the services of the Professional selling plan. If you
wish to downgrade merged accounts, each country or region must be downgraded
or you will continue to be charged for the Professional selling plan if you
have active listings.=

#### I sell across multiple countries and regions, how is my subscription fee
charged?

Your monthly Professional selling plan fee can vary depending on whether your
accounts are merged or not. Your merged accounts are listed in the store
switcher at the top of the Seller Central page. If you have not merged your
accounts, then you will pay the full subscription fee in each country (or
region, in the case of Americas and Europe). If your accounts are merged, then
you will pay a discounted subscription fee. Your monthly fee will be the lower
of: (1) the sum of the subscription fees for each country in which you have
active listings or (2) the equivalent of $39.99 USD per month. For example, if
you maintain merged Professional selling plan accounts in India ($0
subscription fee) and Mexico (600 MXN/$30.43 USD subscription fee), you would
pay a subscription fee of $30.43 USD per month. If you maintain merged
Professional selling plan accounts in North America ($39.99 USD subscription
fee), Europe (€39.99/$45.94 USD subscription fee), and Japan (¥4,900/$44.18
USD subscription fee), you would just pay the equivalent of $39.99 USD, split
proportionately across each country or region in which you have an active
listing and charged separately in each local currency. The amounts billed may
vary based on exchange rates. The amounts billed will exclude tax (except in
Brazil and Mexico) and exclude foreign transaction fees that may be charged by
your bank or credit card issuer.

#### What are the benefits of merging my accounts?

[Merging accounts](/gp/help/G201841950) unifies your selling experience across
Amazon’s international stores and lets you more easily manage and scale your
business. You can also gain access to tools previously restricted to a single
country, as well as discounts on your subscription fee described above.

#### How do I close my Amazon seller account?

You can close your account using the self-service tool on Seller Central.
Please keep in mind that Amazon cannot perform any financial transactions with
the account after its closure. Note that you must close each regional account
individually: North America, Europe, Japan, and Australia. You can see a list
of your global accounts on the [Sell Globally dashboard](/global-
selling/dashboard).

