---
title: Multi-channel fulfillment billing FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GTP9V9YMVUSLWG2S
section: General Documentation
---

## 1\. When will I be billed for MCF services?

Your seller account balance during a settlement period may be positive as a
result of sales on Amazon and reimbursements, or negative if customer refunds
and fees for MCF and other Amazon services exceed those amounts.

If your account balance is positive, fees for MCF services will be deducted
from your balance rather than charged to your credit card and you will be paid
the remaining available balance according to your typical disbursement
schedule. For more information, go to [When will I be
paid?](/gp/help/external/G14911).

If your balance is negative, your credit card may be charged up to once per
day for the balance amount each day that it is negative. Your [Payments
dashboard](/gp/payments-account/settlement-summary.html) shows you when and
how much you will be paid or billed.

## 2\. Can I change my billing schedule?

No, your billing schedule can be updated by Amazon only.

## 3\. What will happen if my payment fails?

In the event of a failed payment, your capability to ship MCF orders may be
suspended until the outstanding balance is settled. This will not impact any
orders which were created before payment failure and will get shipped
normally.

## 4\. How will I know if my payment fails?

Youâ€™ll receive an email notification from Amazon in the event of a payment
failure.

## 5\. How can I prevent failed payments?

To prevent failed payments, provide a valid credit card in Account Settings
and keep it up-to-date. Make sure you update the card before it expires. If
your negative account balance exceeds the credit limit or individual
transaction limit imposed by your credit card provider, consider contacting
your credit card provider about increasing your limits.

## 6\. How can I repay an outstanding balance?

You can use **Make a Payment** to pay the seller account balance that you owe.
If you have a negative balance and want to pay right away, use **Repay
Balance** in the **Statement View** section of your [Payments
Dashboard](/gp/payments-account/settlement-summary.html).

For more information, go to [Making a payment](/gp/help/external/G201058620).

