---
title: Multipack imaging standards
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G94GSFMC79RSLDBY
section: General Documentation
---

While shopping on Amazon, customers use imagery and product titles together to
determine what they are purchasing. The first image the customer sees while
searching and in the product detail page is the main image. This first image
is key to helping the customer understand the product they are purchasing. As
part of the overall buying experience, it is also important to ensure the
image and title convey consistent information.  
  
Before you select a main image, review the general image requirements to
ensure your images are compliant. For more information, go to [Product image
requirements](/gp/help/G1881).

Following are some guidelines to help you with your main image selection.

## Multipacks

Multipacks are multiple items packaged together or large quantities of
identical items.

  * The main image must show the total quantity that will be delivered to the customer.
  * The main image must show the product in the packaging as this provides content information to the customer.
  * Product titles must contain the total quantity (x pack or x count).
  * Ensure the image and product title do not conflict in a way that could cause confusion for the customer. Refer to examples depicted in the **Image and title inconsistency** section.

Table 1. Examples of valid images ![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/multipacks1.png)  
---  
Amazon Essentials Women's Casual Crew Socks, 6 Pairs | Amazon Basics Dish Soap, Fresh Scent, 30 fl oz, Pack of 4  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/multipacks2.png)  
Amazon Basics Extra Comfort Mint Dental Floss, 40 m (Pack of 6) | Amazon Basics Soft and Strong 2-Ply Toilet Paper, 6 Ultra Rolls  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/multipacks3.png)  
Amazon Basics Clean Plus Toothbrushes, Soft, 10 Count, Assorted Colors (Previously Solimo) | Amazon Basics Multipurpose, Comfort Grip, PVD Coated, Stainless Steel Office Scissors, 3-Pack, Purple, Green & Gray  
  
## Variety multipacks

Variety multipacks are products containing multiples of different products
packaged together.

  * The main image must show the total quantity that will be delivered to the customer.
  * The main image must show the product in the packaging as this provides content information to the customer.
  * The product title must state the total quantity included (x pack or x count).
  * Ensure the image and product title do not conflict in a way that could cause confusion for the customer. Refer to examples depicted in **Image and title inconsistency** section.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/varietymultipack1.png)  
---  
Amazon Essentials Men's Comfortable Cotton Tag-Free Boxer Brief, Pack of 5 | Amazon Basics Square Sticky Notes, 3 x 3-Inch, Assorted Colors, 12-Pack  
  
  * Where there are large quantities of product that has variety, feature enough information of the product to explain the contents. You can do this by showing each type of variable product with a total count in the title.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/varietymultipack2.png)  
---  
Scented Tealight Candles 90-Pack Bulk Variety Pack | 148 Individually Packaged Large Head Medium Bristle  
  
## Multipack sticker

In limited global stores and product types, Amazon has a functionality that
will dynamically display a pack quantity sticker on the detail page. It is
important to know the pack quantity sticker will not appear in search and you
must ensure your image and title clearly reflect what the customer is
receiving. If this functionality is available in your store, you will find
more information by searching for "Item Package Quantity" in Seller Central.

**Important:** Product images must not include any Amazon logos or trademarks,
or variations, modifications or anything confusingly similar to Amazon's logos
and trademarks. Examples of this would be AMAZON, PRIME, ALEXA, or the Amazon
Smile design. This requirement also applies to pack quantity sticker and
application of it to your image will result in image removal or search
suppression of your listing.

If you are using the pack quantity sticker, follow these guidelines to ensure
a consistent experience for the customer:

  * The sticker is most effective when selling multiples of identical items.
  * The image must be of a single item.
  * The product title must state the total quantity. For example:
    * Artesian water 16.9 oz
    * Peach mango green tea drink mix (Pack of 12 canisters)

## Image and title inconsistency

Ensure the product title and image together create a consistent message to the
customer. Below are some examples to illustrate the inconsistencies you can
avoid:

#### Example 1:

The addition of "5-count" to the title may leave the customer wondering if
they are getting 5 packages of 40 or if the 5 count is the individual packs.
You can further clarify the product contents in the product detail page. Avoid
putting additional information in the title that may confuse the customer.
This title must only have "40 packs."

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/imageinconsistency1.jpg)  
---  
Chewing Gum 5-count (40 packs)  
  
#### Example 2:

The product title and image are conflicting and the customer has to explore
more to understand the product.

The product image shows "12 packs" on the box in the picture but the product
title says "48 cookie packs." The detail page provides further detail
indicating that there are 4 total packages of 12.

While the image of 4 packages does not look captivating, it would have created
a consistent message with the title. The other option would have been to
feature a single package of cookies with the title indicating 48 cookie packs.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/imageinconsistency2.png)  
---  
Cookies Snack Pack Mix–Original & Double Stuff–48 Packs Total  
  
#### Example 3:

The image shows a single roll but the title includes "6 count" and "pack of 4"
which creates confusion for the customer. Simplify this title by stating "24
count" in the title such as "Unbleached Paper Towels, 100% Recycled Paper, 24
Count."

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/imageinconsistency3.jpg)  
---  
Paper Towels, 100% Recycled Paper 6 count (pack of 4)  
  
#### Example 4:

This listing creates misperception due to multiple numbers in the title that
requires the customer to calculate how many boxes of tissues they are
receiving. This can be simplified with an image of 30 boxes of tissue and
title stating "Silky Soft Facial Tissues, White, 30 boxes (100 tissues in each
box)."

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/imageinconsistency4.png)  
---  
Soft 2-Ply Facial Tissues in a box, White, 100/Tissues a box, 30/case (3000
Tissues) (Pack of 3000)

