---
title: My ASIN is unsearchable
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHGHDMU4X5K9QGCV
section: General Documentation
---

Five common reasons for an ASIN being unsearchable are:  

  1. Parent ASIN
  2. No Browse Node
  3. No Offer
  4. Future Launch Date
  5. Listing Quality

## 1\. Parent ASIN

Parent ASINs are not searchable or buyable by design. Parent ASINs are
placeholders created to establish relationships with child products.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/ASIN_Unsearchable/Shoes._CB463952415_.png)

**Note:**

  * **Check** : Parent ASINs are displayed as **Variations** in the [Manage Inventory](/inventory) page. If your ASIN is unsearchable, check if it is a parent ASIN.
  * **Diagnosis** : Parent ASINs are not indexed by Amazon.
  * **Fix** : No fix needed. It is normal for parent ASINs to not be searchable. Review product searchability using a child or non-parent ASIN instead.

## 2\. No Browse Node

In order to be searchable, ASINs need to be assigned to the most relevant and
specific browse node from a browse path. An ASIN assigned to the top level
category is more likely to face search issues. A browse node is like a shelf
in a supermarket. Your product needs to be on a “shelf” in order to be found.

ASINs that don’t have a browse node assigned are not indexed by Amazon. To
make the ASIN searchable, update a relevant and specific Item Type Keyword for
your listing.

You can use the [Product Classifier](/gp/help/G200956770) or a [Browse Tree
Guide (BTG)](/gp/help/G1661) to help identify the correct categories for your
products.

**Example**

This ASIN is nicely-assigned to the specific browse node called “Bubble Bath”.
If you don’t see a browse path on your ASIN’s detail page, that means it is
missing a browse node.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/ASIN_Unsearchable/GB._CB463947101_.png)

ASIN browse assignments “roll up”. In this example, the ASIN will appear in
Bubble Bath, Bath, Bath & Bathing Accessories, Personal Care and the overall
Beauty & Personal Care categories on Amazon.

**Note:**

  * **Check** : Check if the ASIN is assigned to a relevant browse node by reviewing the product detail page.
  * **Diagnosis** : ASINs that don’t have a browse node assigned will not be searchable on Amazon.
  * **Fix** : Assign your ASIN to a specific, relevant browse node using [change a product’s category](/gp/help/G201950630).

**Tip** : Some ASINs are searchable in All Departments search, but not within
a specific department where you expect them to appear. This might be because
the ASIN is not assigned to that department. Assign your ASIN to a specific
and relevant browse node within that department to ensure it's searchable in
that department as well.

## 3\. No Offer

In order to be searchable, an ASIN needs a buyable offer. If an ASIN's offer
expires, this causes it to become unsearchable.

To add an offer to a product, you must supply data such as Item Price,
Quantity, and Offering Release Date.

You can add offers one at a time via [Add a Product ](/gp/help/G200220550) or
in bulk via [ inventory templates](/gp/help/G202094740).

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/ASIN_Unsearchable/zh_AU._CB463947181_.png)

**Note:**

  * **Check** : Check if your ASIN has an active offer in the [Manage Inventory](/inventory).
  * **Diagnosis** : ASINs without a buyable offer are unsearchable.
  * **Fix** : Give your ASIN an offer by [updating your listing](gp/help/G201836910).

## 4\. Future Launch Date

A common reason for an ASIN being unsearchable is because it has a future
launch date. In other words, it is not yet possible to buy the product.

To be searchable, an ASIN's launch date/offering release date must be in the
past.

**Note:**

  * **Check** : Check if your ASIN has a future launch date by reviewing the **Offering Release Date**.
  * **Diagnosis** : ASINs with future launch dates are not searchable.
  * **Fix** : To make it searchable now, update your ASIN's **Offering Release Date** to a date in the past. For more information, see [Update your listing](/gp/help/G201836910).

## 5\. Listing Quality

An ASIN may not be indexed if it is removed from the detail page or search
suppressed due to listing quality issues.

**Note:**

  * **Check** : Check if it has a listing quality issue by reviewing [Fix Your Products](/fixyourproducts).
  * **Diagnosis** : ASINs with search suppressed or detail page removed status are not searchable.
  * **Fix** : Go to [Fix Your Products](/fixyourproducts), review if the ASIN is search suppressed or inactive (detail page removed), follow the prompts provided in the issue description section to fix listing issues.

**Note:** Any changes to an ASIN’s offer, browse node, launch date can take up
to 72 hours to reflect in shopping results.

## Search Troubleshooting Tool

The goal of search troubleshooting is to help you understand your product
discoverability issues. If manual search troubleshooting tips haven’t helped
diagnose the search issues, you can use a tool called **Determine why an ASIN
is not searchable**.

**Note:** Access this tool by searching for ‘asin is unsearchable’ within the
Seller Central help. Input the Search URL, ASIN (child/non-parent ASIN), and
the tool will diagnose why the ASIN is not searchable.

Obtain the search URL where you observe the searchability issue before running
the tool.  

  1. Go to the relevant Amazon website.
  2. In the search bar at the top of the page, type in the search keywords you are using to find your product. For example, "ring doorbell", "allbirds shoes" or "instant pot". 

**Note:** Customers are encouraged to use more precise keywords to narrow
their search to find the product they are looking for.

  3. Press the "Enter" key or click the magnifying glass icon to initiate the search and view the list of shopping results.
  4. Copy the search URL from the address bar. A typical search URL has one of the following in the search address: /s/, /search/, s?k. 

