---
title: New Sell Globally experience FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNFDSYQP7TR7SPUW
section: General Documentation
---

## New Sell globally experience FAQ

  * **Do I need a new Brand registry for EU?**

Yes, US trademarks are only legally enforceable in the US. Each country has
its own patent trademark body. Enrolling in Brand Registry gives you immediate
access to brand protection tools, and is the becoming eligible for many brand-
building programs, such as A+ Content, Brand Analytics, Manage Your
Experiments and more. You can log into [Amazon Brand Registry](/gc/brand-
protection?ref=xx_Tool_xxxx_meldedSidebarSearch&mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.A1F83G8C2ARO7P&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.ANU6KV5T0NRWQ&mons_sel_persist=true&mons_sel_dc=AAAAWVMQSBYAAABDREXZ9g%3D%3D&mons_redirect=stck_reroute&ignore_selection_changed=true#what)
and grant yourselves use of the brand by entering the EU merchant token. This
will allow you to get A+ content and the ability to make listings of the brand
but without the infringement protections.

Learn more
[here](/help/hub/reference/G7XU99JWVLB645MU?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.A1F83G8C2ARO7P&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.ANU6KV5T0NRWQ&mons_sel_persist=true&mons_sel_dc=AAAAWVMQSBYAAABDREXZ9g%3D%3D&mons_redirect=stck_reroute&ignore_selection_changed=true).

  * **How can I get Global Selling Incentives to launch in a new store?**

As a new seller with Amazon Professional selling plan, you can qualify for a
suite of benefits designed to help you launch and grow on Amazon, including
benefits related to brand registry, Fulfillment by Amazon, and advertising.
You can check your credits on the [New seller Incentives dashboard](/new-
seller-incentives/dashboard). For more information, go to [New seller
Incentives terms and
conditions.](/help/hub/reference/GSYEQHPBSH58PM7K)[Additional terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/new-seller-
sponsored-products-promotion-2024) may apply for the Sponsored Products
benefit.

Learn more [here](/help/hub/reference/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU).

  * **How does VAT work in Europe?**

The VAT in the European Union is a consumption tax assessed on the value added
to goods and services. It applies to goods and service that are bought and
sold for use or consumption in the European Community. Thus, goods that are
sold for export or services that are sold to customers abroad are normally not
subject to VAT. Imports into the European Union (EU) are taxed.

Value Added Tax is:

  * A general tax that applies to all commercial activities involving the production and distribution of goods. 
  * A consumption tax.
  * Charged as a percentage of price, which means that the actual tax burden is visible at each stage in the production and distribution chain. 
  * Collected fractionally, through a system of partial payments whereby taxable persons (that is, VAT-registered businesses) deduct the amount of tax they have paid from the VAT they have collected on purchases for their business activities. This mechanism ensures that the tax is neutral regardless of how many transactions are involved. 
  * Paid to the revenue authorities by the seller of the goods-that is the "taxable person"-but it is actually paid by the buyer to the seller as part of the price. It is thus an indirect tax. 

Learn more
[here](/help/hub/reference/G201468410#mnd_2jc_jcb__SECTION_0CB71DE23C06497F85C7711296449BB7)
and [here](https://sell.amazon.co.uk/learn/vat-resources?ref_=asuk_soa_rd&).

  * **How do I file for tax returns?**

When you sell your products in the EU, you may need to charge VAT. You may
need to request a VAT registration number, file VAT returns, and pay the VAT
you collected from your customers to the tax authorities.

In most EU countries, you can register online on the tax authority's website
for the country where you want to register. Most of these websites provide the
VAT information in English. The website will usually provide an online form
for registering or a PDF form you can download to complete and return by mail.
If there is no provision for registering online, you can find out where to go
to register for a VAT number. After you have submitted your request for a VAT
number, you may also be sent forms to sign and return through regular mail.

Registering for VAT may lead to a number of associated compliance
requirements, including the need to file reports and issue VAT invoices.

  * **What do I have to know before submitting the VAT number?**

Before submitting your VAT registration number, you must read the following
information carefully. You may only submit your VAT registration number if you
acknowledge and agree to all the conditions set out below.

  

  1. The VAT registration number you submit to Amazon belongs to the business you operate and from which you are selling on Amazon. 
  2. All transactions on your Amazon seller account will be business-related transactions made by the business associated with the VAT registration number you submit to Amazon. 
  3. Your VAT registration number and all other information provided by you is true, accurate and current, and you will immediately update any such information held by us in case of any changes.
  4. All information including your VAT registration number will be collected, processed and maintained in accordance with the terms set out in the Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement and Privacy Notice.
  5. Amazon reserves the right to request additional information and to confirm the validity of your seller account information (including your VAT registration number) from you or government authorities as permitted by law. You agree to provide any such information to us upon request.
  6. Amazon reserves the right to charge you any applicable unbilled VAT if you provide a VAT registration number that is determined to be invalid. You irrevocably authorize Amazon to debit your credit card for any such unbilled VAT.

Learn more
[here](/help/hub/reference/G201190460?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.ATVPDKIKX0DER&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.A2LTWHHSMI1VIV&mons_sel_persist=true).

  * **Where can I add a VAT number in Seller Central?**

Go to [VAT/GST Registration
Numbers](/tax/consolidatedRegistrations?ref=sc_b2b_taxsettings_vrns), and
enter your available VAT numbers by country.

  * **What do I need to know about the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR)?**

Extended Producer Responsibility is an environmental policy principle that
makes the producer responsible for the entire life cycle of the products, from
product design to end-of-life management (waste collection, sorting and
recycling). Extended Producer Responsibility was first introduced in the 1990s
in Sweden and Germany. Since then, it has evolved into a cornerstone of
European waste policy. In the EU, Extended Producer Responsibility is
introduced via directives (notably the [Waste Framework
Directive](http://data.europa.eu/eli/dir/2008/98/2018-07-05)–available in the
official EU languages only), which are transposed into national legislation by
each EU member state. Therefore, the way Extended Producer Responsibility is
implemented can differ from country to country.

You must ensure that your products, including packaging, and your offer, and
subsequent sale of those products comply with all applicable laws (including
Extended Producer Responsibility obligations). Therefore, as a seller, you
must understand and comply with all laws, standards and regulations applicable
to the sale of your products, as well as with Amazon’s policies on product
safety and compliance. This will not only increase your chances of succeeding
on Amazon, but also help you avoid practices that could lead to penalties or
blocked listings, or even prevent you from selling on Amazon.

Learn more [here](/help/hub/reference/GYDCAK9ZR6VJH2X3) and
[here](/spx/myc/epr-compliance)

  * **What is an EU-based Responsible Person?**

Regulation (EU) 2019/1020 (the "Market Surveillance Regulation") requires to
have an EU-based.

Responsible Person for CE-marked products. All CE marked products are covered
by this rule except for medical devices, explosives for civil uses, and
certain lifts and cableway installations.

All products need to be labelled with an EU Responsible Person as part of the
regulation (EU) 2019/1020 (the "Market Surveillance Regulation"). An EU
Responsible Person can be one of the following:

  * The manufacturer or brand, if established in the EU.
  * An importer established in the EU.
  * An authorized representative established in the EU, who is appointed in writing as the Responsible Person by the manufacturer or brand.
  * A fulfillment service provider established in the EU.

Learn more
[here](/learn/courses?moduleId=12e70ed6-3b8f-46bc-93b6-9732325bec3d&ref_=su_refined_search&modLanguage=English)
and
[here](/learn/courses?moduleId=ea354642-d9d4-4b4f-9c51-59bea8c82da6&ref_=su_refined_search&modLanguage=English)

  * **How does the Build International Listing tool (BIL) work?**

The [Build International Listings](/global-selling/listings/connect) tool
helps you create and update offers from a single source store to one or more
target stores. You save time and effort by managing offers in one store. From
that source store, the tool will update eligible offers and prices in the
target stores based on settings that you specify and the currency exchange
rates.

Build International Listings works within a region where there are multiple
stores, such as Europe or North America, and across regions when you have
connected them by [linking accounts](/gp/help/201841950).

Learn more [here](/help/hub/reference/G202121570).

  * **Does Amazon have a service to translate my listings?**

Amazon offers different methods for automatically translating product
information for different countries and languages. There are three ways you
can translate your products through the listing tools: create and translate
one product at a time, in bulk through inventory file templates or with [Build
International Listing](/gp/help/G202121570) tool.

If you want to sell globally, you can translate your local content for free
through the below listing tools. All of them will provide the same results.

  

  1. If you must translate one product at a time, use the edit product page section.
  2. If you must translate all your catalog or in bulk, use the inventory file templates (Global MS Excel template).
  3. [Build International Listing](/gp/help/G202121570) tool.

Learn more
[here](/help/hub/reference/GR8R2FYNJNE574VJ?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.A1F83G8C2ARO7P&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.ANU6KV5T0NRWQ&mons_sel_persist=true&mons_sel_dc=AAAAWVMQSBYAAABDREXZ9g%3D%3D&mons_redirect=stck_reroute&ignore_selection_changed=true).

  * **Can we ship from our manufacturer in China directly to EU?**

Shipping with Amazon Global Logistics via air and ocean modes: Amazon Global
Logistics helps you send your FBA inventory to Amazon fulfillment centers
worldwide. You can ship from China to the US via ocean (full-container and
less than container loads) and air. The program also offers shipping to the
UK, France, Germany, Italy, and Spain via air and ocean.

Learn more [here](/help/hub/reference/G98CMSMFP5ECHMJF).

  * **How does Pan-European FBA work?**

You must follow these steps:

  * Select at least two Amazon EU stores to store your products. We will take care of redistribution at no additional cost.
  * List your FBA products with the same SKU in all required Amazon EU stores: Germany, France, Italy and Spain.
  * Meet your product compliance requirements.

Learn more [here](https://sell.amazon.co.uk/fulfilment-by-amazon/fba-europe).

  * **How do I connect to service provider for tax requirements?**

Amazon has a Service Provider Network within Seller Central in which you can
connect with trusted local providers to sell globally. Click
[here](/tsba?ref_=sc_spn_talst_hp&sellFrom=US&sellIn=US) to access the full
network of providers. Here are some of the China based providers
([CVC](/gspn/provider-
details/Compliance/c7abd959-d634-4b6e-9a0f-36ca7d798944?ref_=sc_gspn_colst_codt-c7abd959&localeSelection=en_US&sellFrom=CN&sellIn=US),
[Hui Xuan](/tsba/provider-
details/Compliance/259c0890-284e-4324-bb3d-271ef3db13bd?ref_=sc_spn_colst_codt-259c0890&localeSelection=en_US&sellFrom=US&sellIn=US),
[Ningbo Customs](/gspn/provider-
details/Compliance/0dd42e46-45f6-497e-8513-6df6e0de39d4?ref_=sc_gspn_colst_codt-0dd42e46&localeSelection=en_US&sellFrom=CN&sellIn=US),
[NBTS](/gspn/provider-
details/Compliance/4fdb12a2-4c62-4e34-a63f-c3873b9e7ef2?ref_=sc_gspn_colst_codt-4fdb12a2&localeSelection=en_US&sellFrom=CN&sellIn=US))
or US/UK based providers ([GEE](/tsba/provider-
details/Compliance/17b3aaab-2ebc-4a99-b6d1-642d36f7b0e4?ref_=sc_spn_colst_codt-17b3aaab&localeSelection=en_US&sellFrom=UK&sellIn=UK))
you can work with.

  * Choose a service provider based on your needs, location and preferred language.
  * Raise a service request form.
  * Grow your business with professional selling help.

