---
title: New Seller Incentives
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU
section: General Documentation
---

## New Seller Incentives

**Note:** These new seller incentives apply only to sellers who list their
first buyable ASIN on or after March 1, 2024. If you listed your first buyable
ASIN between March 1, 2023, and February 29, 2024, go to [2023 New Seller
Incentives](/gp/help/GSNMUBZHUNDS9LY3).

## Program overview

Through New Seller Incentives, new sellers on Amazon’s Professional selling
plan can qualify for a suite of benefits designed to help them launch and grow
on Amazon, including benefits related to brand registry, Fulfillment by
Amazon, and advertising. For more information, go to [New Seller Incentives
terms and conditions](/gp/help/GQV2XTTQ5RH7D55J). [Additional terms and
conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/new-seller-
sponsored-products-promotion-2024) may apply for the Sponsored Products
benefit.

## Program benefits

#### Brand owner benefits

New sellers who complete brand registry within six months of listing the first
offer and are identified as the first brand owner with [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/) qualify for these benefits:

  * Brand owners’ bonus, a 10% bonus on the first $50,000 in eligible branded sales, followed by 5% on the next $950,000 in eligible branded sales (up to $52,500 in bonus value) or for one year after eligibility has been determined, whichever comes first.
  * $200 in credits for [Amazon Vine](/gp/help/G92T8UV339NZ98TN). Vine invites the most trusted reviewers in the Amazon store to post opinions about new products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. Participating sellers can provide free units of their products to these reviewers. In addition to completing brand registry, to become eligible for Vine credits, you must also [enroll in Vine](/gp/help/GSTY2Q2TD5E84RXJ) within 90 days of becoming eligible for brand benefits (the later of when you completed Brand Registry enrollment and listed your first offer). Credits will expire after one year if unused.

#### Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) benefits

New sellers who create and send their first
[FBA](https://sell.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon) shipment to an Amazon
fulfillment center within 90 days of listing their offer qualify for these
benefits:

  * $100 in credits in inventory shipping fees for using the [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/G201119120) or $200 in credits in fulfillment fees for using [Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/G202187670) or Amazon Seller Export and Delivery (SEND). 
  * Automatic enrollment in [FBA New Selection](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ), which provides free monthly storage, liquidations, and returns processing for your eligible new-to-FBA ASINs.
  * $400 in credits that apply to the FBA inbound placement service fee, allowing you to reduce your fees. In addition to sellers who listed their first offer on or after March 1, 2024, new sellers who listed their first offer between January 1 and March 1, 2024, are also eligible for the inbound placement fee benefit.
  * 10% off fulfillment fees on your first 100 units shipped with [Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment](https://supplychain.amazon.com/mcf), allowing you to use your FBA inventory to fulfill orders from any off-Amazon channels, including social media stores, DTC sites, and online marketplaces.
  * New sellers will be exempted from the storage utilization surcharge for the first 365 days after the first FBA inventory-received date
  * In addition to the above, all new Professional sellers will be exempted from low-inventory-level fee for the first 365 days after the first FBA inventory-received date.

#### Advertising benefits

New sellers who use [Sponsored
Products](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/sponsored-
products?ref_=a20m_us_hnav_p_sp) and [Amazon
coupons](/gp/help/G3QLEV6W2QK84C57) within 90 days of listing their offer
qualify for these benefits:

  * $50 in promotional clicks for using Sponsored Products. Help customers find your products by quickly creating ads that appear in related search results and product pages. [Additional terms and conditions](https://advertising.amazon.com/legal/terms-conditions/new-seller-sponsored-products-promotion-2024) may apply for Sponsored Products.
  * $50 in coupon credits. Coupons help you create compelling promotions for your customers in the Amazon store. 

For more information, review these additional resources:

  * [Intro to New Seller Incentives eligibility guide (PDF)](/learn/courses?ref_=su_course_accordion&moduleId=e94503d0-f014-4a50-a861-aacb58b981d1&courseId=0366307b-7a21-413a-b731-02bccfce8fa2)
  * [New Seller Incentives Terms and Conditions](/gp/help/GQV2XTTQ5RH7D55J)

## Benefit disbursement

You can check your credits on the [New seller Incentives dashboard](/new-
seller-incentives/dashboard). See below for additional details on timing of
benefit disbursement.

**Brand owners’ bonus:** Each month, you’ll earn a bonus amount equivalent to
10% on the first $50,000 in eligible branded sales, followed by 5% on the next
$950,000 in eligible branded sales shipped the month before. The amount will
be applied as a credit to the referral fees on next month’s referral fees at
the order level.

When payments cover the entire referral fee on a given order, the bonus will
be applied in the background, and the referral fee section will not be shown
as a separate line item in the transaction. You can track the total bonus
accumulated to date on the [New Seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-
incentives/dashboard). The earned bonus expires 12 months after you graduate
from the program. You graduate by either reaching the earnings cap or
completing the one-year eligibility period.

**Vine credits:** If you complete the eligibility steps of becoming a brand
owner and listing your first buyable ASIN, you'll get a waiver on $200 charged
for enrolling ASINs into Vine. The credits will start applying to ASINs that
are enrolled in Vine five days or more after you become eligible for the brand
benefits. Credits expire after one year if unused.

**Inventory shipping and fulfillment fee credits:** You can get credits for
either inventory shipping fees or fulfillment fees, depending on whether you
create your first shipment with the Amazon Partnered Carrier program or Amazon
Global Logistics or Amazon Seller Export and Delivery (SEND).

Credits will be provided after the shipment is received at the fulfillment
center and will be used to waive future fees. It can take at least 10 days for
the credits to be applied to your account. You can check your credits on the
[New seller Incentives dashboard](/new-seller-incentives/dashboard). Credits
expire after one year if unused.

**Inbound placement fee credits:** After eligibility is determined, the
credits will be used to offset the fees charged for placing your inventory in
Amazon fulfillment centers until the credits are exhausted. It can take at
least 10 days for the credits to be applied to your account before they can be
used to waive future fees. The credits expire after one year if unused.

For sellers who meet the eligibility conditions and listed their first offer
between January 1 and March 1, 2024, the benefit will expire one year from
March 1, 2024, or when the eligibility is determined, whichever comes later.

**[Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) discounts](/gp/help/G9CHG5J3ZDZQQX9T):**
After eligibility is determined, discounts on eligible MCF orders will
automatically apply for the first 100 units shipped. The discount expires
after one year of becoming eligible if unused. Full-price MCF fees will be
charged for units shipped after the first 100 units shipped or after the one-
year period.

**Note:** The discount will start applying for units shipped after May 1,
2024. Sellers who become eligible for the benefit between March 1 and May 1,
2024, will start receiving the discount after May 1, 2024.

**Sponsored Products promotional clicks:** After eligibility is determined,
you’ll see the promotional click credits via the Campaign Manager. It can take
up to two weeks for the credits to be applied after you've completed the
required eligibility steps. Any unused promotional click credits will expire
30 days after they’ve been applied to your account.

**Amazon coupons credits:** After eligibility is determined, these credits
will be applied to your fees charged for creating coupons. The credits expire
after one year if unused.

