---
title: New Seller Incentives Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQV2XTTQ5RH7D55J
section: General Documentation
---

These New Seller Incentives Terms and Conditions (“**Terms and Conditions** ”)
apply to your participation in the New Seller Incentives program (“**New
Seller Incentives** ”), which is described more fully on the New Seller
Incentives page. These Terms and Conditions supplement the [Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) (the “**Agreement** ”).
Capitalized terms used and not defined in these Terms and Conditions have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

**New Seller Incentives Program overview**

The New Seller Incentives Program (“**Program** ”) is a suite of benefits
focused on assisting new Amazon Professional sellers with their selling. New
Sellers may be eligible to receive some or all of the Program benefits. The
New Seller Incentives suite of benefits is only available once per selling
account and per brand in the US.

**Benefits description**

The Program offers a suite of benefits that are geared toward helping New
Sellers succeed in the Amazon store. The suite of benefits rotates over time
and has included benefits related to Brand Registry (e.g: bonus on branded
sales, VINE credits), Fulfillment by Amazon (e.g: inbound shipping credits,
fulfillment fee credits), and Advertising (e.g: Sponsored products, Coupons).
Benefits maybe updated on a periodic basis at Amazon’s discretion. Refer to
[the 2023 program page](/help/hub/reference/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU) for the current
set of benefits and eligibility requirements for those benefits (typically
updated on an annual basis).

**Benefit eligibility**

Your eligibility for benefits is typically determined based on when you listed
your first buyable ASIN. For example: If you listed your first buyable ASIN on
March 12, 2022, you will be eligible for [2022 program
benefits](/help/hub/reference/GFAKX5SD6RJG4FRS). If you listed your first
buyable ASIN on May 18, 2023, you will be eligible for [2023 program
benefits](/help/hub/reference/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU). Specific benefits may have
additional eligibility requirements. Amazon reserves the right to determine
benefit eligibility.

**Other terms**

You may choose to stop receiving your benefits at any time. We may stop any of
the benefits if we determine you have violated the Agreement or these Terms
and Conditions, or you have committed fraud. We may also change or cease to
offer the New Seller Incentives or any of its benefits in accordance with the
Agreement, including the relevant notice provision.

