---
title: North America and Brazil Unified Account FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201642980
section: General Documentation
---

## What is a North America and Brazil Unified Account?

A North America and Brazil Unified Account allows you to more easily share
listing information and manage your inventory consistently across Amazon's
U.S., Canada, Mexico, and Brazil stores. For more information, go to [Selling
on Amazon's North America and Brazil
stores](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.dev/gp/help/201394090).

## How do I create listings on Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and
Amazon.com.br stores?

If you register on either Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, or
Amazon.com.br, you have the option to list eligible products across all four
stores. To switch stores, select www.amazon.com, www.amazon.ca,
www.amazon.com.mx, or www.amazon.com.br in the store drop-down list at the top
right of your seller account.

## How do I verify if my account is enabled for North America and Brazil
Unified Account?

The simplest way to verify if an account is enabled with the North America and
Brazil Unified Account is to check if the store is available in the header of
your seller account.

## I already have accounts in multiple North American and Brazil stores. Can I
merge these accounts?

No. Existing accounts in each store cannot be merged. Each selling account
will have its own, distinct Unified Account.

## Do I need a local bank account in each store country?

No. If you already sell on Amazon in the United States, Canada, Mexico, or
Brazil you can use your existing bank account to receive disbursements in your
local currency with the [Amazon Currency Converter for
sellers](/gp/help/200381250) (ACCS). If you are a new seller registering to
sell in the United States, Canada, Mexico, or Brazil, you can be paid directly
in your local bank account in the local currency, provided you have a bank
account in a country supported by Amazon.

## What if I don't want to sell on more than one store?

If you have been upgraded to a Unified Account and do not want to sell on
another store, keep the store on the country on which you originally
registered. Your products will only list on that store.

## Can I enter separate account information data for each store (for example,
to account for their different legal entities or bank accounts)?

Yes, you can customize your account information for each store. The
information entered during registration will become the default data for each
store until you update each store with the applicable information. To change
your account information, select **Account Info** from the **Settings** tab on
the right-hand side of your seller account.

## Can I have store-specific product listings, quantities, and pricing for the
same SKUs?

Yes. Listings are store-specific. You can change your listings and prices per
store for the same SKU.

##  How do I manage my seller-fulfilled inventory pool?

If you fulfill your own orders, you can choose one of two ways to manage your
inventory pools:

  * You can manage your inventory as a shared pool by using the same SKU in each store. If you do so, your inventory availability in each store will be the combined amount of inventory across all three stores.
  * You can use distinct SKUs in each store, which will allow you to manage inventory availability separately in each store.

## How do I manage my FBA inventory?

Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) sellers will manage their inventory as distinct
pools because our United States, Canada, and Mexico fulfillment centers are
not connected. For more information about sending inventory to North America
fulfillment centers, go to [Create shipments with Send to
Amazon](/gp/help/G6925SDD66GDLXJW).

**Note:** Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) in Brazil is only available to sellers
with an account based in Brazil.

## What fees will I pay if I sell something using my Unified Account?

For all per-item transaction fees, you will pay the fees applicable to the
store in which the item was sold. Your monthly Professional selling plan
subscription fee will be allocated to each North American store in which you
have active listings on your monthly billing day, and will be limited to USD
39.99 or its equivalent in total. For more information about Professional
selling plan fees, go to [Selling on Amazon Fee Schedule](/gp/help/200336920).

## Is it possible to delete a SKU simultaneously across all stores or does it
need to be done individually?

Both listing creation and listing deletion are store-specific, and you have to
delete offers (and SKUs) individually on each store. For seller-fulfilled
listings, setting the quantity to zero will result in a removal of that
product listing from all stores.

## Is the North America Unified Account the same as the European Unified
Account?

No, the North America Unified Account is only available to sellers registered
on Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, or Amazon.com.mx.

##  Is the North America and Brazil Unified Account the same as the North
America Unified Account?

On August 2023, Brazil was added to the North America Unified Accounts for
sellers based in the United States and China.

## Do I need to be a Professional seller in order to have a Unified Account?

Sellers with Professional selling accounts can use their Unified Account to
sell across all the North America and Brazil stores (U.S., Canada, Mexico, and
Brazil). This feature is not currently available to sellers with Individual
selling accounts.

## What happens if I upgrade to a Professional selling account?

When you upgrade to a Professional selling plan, you pay a monthly
subscription fee, rather than a per-item fee when an item is sold. With a
Professional selling account, you will have access to other tools such as
Build International Listings and downloadable file upload and can request
access to the Amazon.com.mx store.

## What happens if I downgrade to an Individual selling account?

When you downgrade to an Individual selling plan, you pay a per-item fee when
an item is sold, rather than a monthly subscription fee. Your Amazon.com.mx
and Amazon.com.br account will also be terminated because Amazon.com.mx and
Amazon.com.br only supports Professional selling accounts. Your Amazon.com,
Amazon.ca accounts will not be affected. Before downgrading a selling account,
be sure that you fully understand how the change will impact your costs and
access to Seller Central tools.

## When I am shipping to Mexico, how can I help ensure that I meet Amazon's
international shipping transit time requirements?

Our data on orders fulfilled by sellers shipping from the United States to
Mexico showed that orders shipped via United States Postal Service (USPS),
which uses Correos de MÃ©xico/Servicio Postal Mexicano (SEPOMEX) for delivery
within Mexico, did not meet Amazon's international shipping transit time
requirements. To provide a great customer experience on shipments from the
United States to Mexico, we strongly recommend that you use other carriers
(for example, FedEX, DHL, UPS).

##

##  Do I have to apply for the Amazon Brand Registry separately for my
Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br selling accounts?

If you have a North America and Brazil Unified Account, and your brands have
been approved for [Amazon Brand
Registry](http://brandservices.amazon.com/?ld=ABRENUAF) on Amazon.com, they
are automatically approved for Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br as
well. To ensure your listings are synchronized across stores, provide the same
key attribute values for specific ASINs in all stores.

If you do not have a North America and Brazil Unified Account, and your brands
have been approved by Amazon Brand Registry on Amazon.com, they are not
automatically approved for Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br. In
this case, you must apply for Amazon Brand Registry approval separately for
each store.

## Can I have different storefront links for different stores in my North
America and Brazil Unified Account?

The option to customize a storefront link will only appear in the Amazon store
where you initially registered. For example, if you initially registered to
sell on Amazon.com, the Amazon.com storefront link will apply for your
Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br listings.

## I am a US-based seller shipping to Mexico. Can I buy Shipping Services for
Mexico like I do for domestic shipping?

Yes, you can buy shipping services and print shipping labels from your Manage
Orders page like you would for any domestic shipment. For more information, go
to [Shipping to Mexico through Buy Shipping Services](/gp/help/202078950).

