---
title: North America and Brazil Unified Account
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201617630
section: General Documentation
---

With a North America and Brazil Unified Account, you can conveniently switch
between Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br seller tools
in Seller Central to list products and manage orders in all stores.

The North America & Brazil Unified Account allows you to do the following
easily:

  * Share listing information and manage your inventory consistently across Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br
  * Keep track of orders on Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br in Manage Orders or with one combined Order Report
  * Access tools and services to help you manage your business across Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br
  * Pay the same monthly subscription fee (equivalent to USD $39.99) for your North America and Brazil Unified Account
  * Update account information through a consolidated user interface
  * Get paid to your local bank in your local currency thanks to the [Amazon Currency Converter for sellers](/gp/help/200381250?language=en_US&ref=ag_200381250_cont_G201617630)

##  Managing Inventory in Your North America and Brazil Unified Account

When managing your Amazon inventory across Amazon’s United States, Canada,
Mexico, and Brazil stores, it is important to understand the difference
between the Global SKU and the store-specific SKU in Seller Central.

**Global SKU** : A Global SKU uses a shared inventory pool across Amazon.com,
Amazon.ca and Amazon.com.mx. You can create a Global SKU by selecting
“**Existing Offer** ” when you go to create an offer in Seller Central. When
using a Global SKU, the total amount of inventory applies to all four stores.
For example, if you have 100 units of inventory, it will display that there
are 100 units in United States, 100 units in Canada, 100 units in Mexico, and
100 units in Brazil. The 100 applies to all three countries and **DOES NOT**
add up to a total of 400 units. If an item sells in Canada, then four stores
would show 99 units available. **NOTE** : Pricing is managed separately in
each store.

**If you are shipping orders yourself** , you must use a Global SKU to manage
inventory across Amazon.com, Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx and Amazon.com.br.

**Store-specific SKU** : A store-specific SKU is managed as a store-level
inventory pool, which means you will manage three distinct pools of inventory
across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. You can create a store-
specific SKU by selecting “**Unique Offer** ” when you go to create an offer
in Seller Central. The listing is managed separately in each store for both
inventory and pricing.

**If you are using Fulfillment by Amazon** , use a store-specific SKU and
manage your inventory in Amazon fulfillment centers in the United States,
Canada, and Mexico as three separate pools. Note that inventory going to U.S.
fulfillment centers should be shipped from the U.S. section of your North
America & Brazil Unified Account and vice versa for Canada and Mexico. For
example, if you have a FBA listing on Amazon.ca, your “Ships from” address
must be in Canada.

**Note:** Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) in Brazil is only available to sellers
with an account based in Brazil.

**Important:** When using flat files in the North America Unified Account, it
is critical to upload a value for the quantity of available inventory units.
If the “Inventory avails” column is left blank, it will be read as “0” by the
system and will change the original listing to display “0” available units.

