---
title: Ophthalmic drug products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6VSU6Q86RKZKEZW
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on Amazon, you must comply with all applicable laws,
regulations, standards, and our policies related to those products and product
listings.

## Ophthalmic drug products covered by this policy

Ophthalmic drug products are defined as any product meant for delivery in or
on the eye (for example: a solution, eye drop, suspension, emulsion, gel,
ointment, or cream). Amazon requires that ophthalmic products comply with all
applicable laws, regulations, standards, and Amazon policies, including
current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) in manufacturing, packaging,
labeling, or holding operations.

## Our policy for ophthalmic drug products

We require you to verify that ophthalmic drug products meet our policy via
third-party testing on an annual basis to ensure products offered in our store
meet the following criteria:

Table 1. Documents for OTC ophthalmic products Parameters | Requirements  
---|---  
Label images | Verification of labels to ensure clarity, accuracy, and legality according to [21 CFR 201 subpart C](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-C/part-201) and [21 CFR 349](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-D/part-349).  
GMP validation |  Verification of Good Manufacturing Practices compliance in accordance with cGMP 210/211, NSF 455-4, or equivalent. a. GMP must be performed by an accredited third-party. Private audits, first-party audits, consulting audits shall not be accepted. GMP certificate must be in good standing, and cannot be expired. b. Validation: 3P Testing, Inspection, and Certification (TIC) must validate the facility GMP status by measures including but not limited to: confirming public listings, direct contact with manufacturing facility, and direct contact with GMP issuing body, labeling and National Drug Code (NDC) Code. c. FDA inspections are not considered as replacements for GMP certificates.  
Test reports: sterility* |  From an ISO 17025 accredited laboratory that show the product complies with the regulations, standards, and requirements listed above.

  * [21 CFR 200.50](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-C/part-200/subpart-C/section-200.50)

  
Tamper-evident packaging | Product must meet [21 CFR 211.132](https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-21/chapter-I/subchapter-C/part-211/subpart-G/section-211.132) tamper-evident packaging requirements for over-the-counter (OTC) human drug products.  
  
**Note:** For products where testing has been already conducted by an ISO
17025 accredited lab (including in-house labs), we request that you initiate a
Test Request Form (TRF) for impacted products to the onboarded service
provider of your choice. You can provide this information directly to the
third-party TIC organization chosen to conduct testing to verify if it meets
the Amazon policy.

Ophthalmic drug products identified as being affected by this initiative can
be found within the [Manage Your Compliance](/spx/myc/dashboard) dashboard.

Customer safety is our top priority. We reserve the right to ask for
additional information to verify product safety and compliance at any time.

**Note:** Homeopathic ophthalmic drug products are prohibited from sale on
Amazon. For more information, go to [What you should know about Eye
Drops](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/buying-using-medicine-safely/what-you-should-
know-about-eye-drops).

Parameters | Requirements  
---|---  
Labeling | Drugs must be labeled in English with the following information: 

  * Name of the drug
  * "Drug Facts" panel
  * Active ingredients
  * Purposes of the drug
  * Uses of the drug
  * Any required warnings*
  * Directions for using the drug
  * Any other information, as required for the specific product
  * Inactive ingredients
  * Relevant National Drug Code (NDC)

  
Product detail page |  The product detail page must include the following information:

  * Name of the drug
  * Active ingredients
  * An image of the "Drug Facts" panel (and any "Drug Facts (Continued)" panels, if applicable) from the product label
  * Drug labels must not use the FDA logo

  
  
**Note:** Appropriate cautionary statements (hazard warnings) must be
displayed on the product detail page.

## Third-party, testing, inspection and certification organizations

The third-party Testing, Inspection and Certification (TIC) organizations
listed below have been approved to verify products against Amazon’s OTC
ophthalmic drug products policy. Service providers are subject to change,
refer to your [Manage Your Compliance](/spx/myc/dashboard) dashboard for the
most up-to-date service provider list.

  * [Eurofins](https://www.eurofinsus.com/amazon)
  * [UL](https://www.ul.com/services/otc-and-pharmaceuticals-services)
  * [NSF International](https://www.nsf.org/knowledge-library/over-the-counter-otc-drug-manufacturer-qualification)
  * [SGS](https://www.sgs.com/en-us/our-services/health-and-nutrition/health-science)
  * [Certified Labs](https://certified-laboratories.com/otc/)

## Compliance services

Listed OTC Ophthalmic drug products identified in-scope of this initiative can
be found within your Manage Your Compliance dashboard.

To comply with Amazon policy regarding testing verification, follow these
steps:  

  1. Go to your [Manage Your Compliance](/spx/myc/dashboard) dashboard.
  2. Click **Add or appeal compliance** next to the product.
  3. Select **Request lab service**.

If you believe that your products do not require testing verification, follow
these steps:  

  1. Go to your [Manage Your Compliance](/spx/myc/dashboard) dashboard.
  2. Click **Appeal request** and choose an appeal reason. You may also add comments.
  3. Click **Submit**.

For Homeopathic ophthalmic drug products: If you believe that your ophthalmic
drug product has been incorrectly restricted, submit the following information
to [ophthalmic-safety@amazon.com](mailto:ophthalmic-safety@amazon.com):

  * National Drug Code (NDC) for the product
  * A list of the products that you believe have been misclassified
  * An explanation of why you believe that the products have been misclassified
  * Evidence to demonstrate that the products have been misclassified

## Policy violations

For reports where parameters have been identified as out-of-spec or fail, the
third-party TIC organization chosen to conduct testing will provide failure
resolution options, if applicable. Initiate the CAPA (corrective and
preventive action) process with the third-party TIC organization who issued
the failing report for resolution.

If you don’t provide the required information (listed above) upon request, we
reserve the right to take any further actions in accordance with the Amazon
Services Business Solutions Agreement, including, but not limited to, removing
the relevant product listings.

## Resources

To learn more about our policy relating to OTC Ophthalmics, watch our
[webinar](https://amazon.awsapps.com/workdocs-
amazon/index.html#/document/5a2e4d057bf05e18547b60b0b45c6f819f217a7036b765666a1972495ddec044)
or [the linked video](https://risc-
education.thinkingcap.com/Student/Preview/ViewCourse.aspx?CourseID=70217273-6a59-46b0-ad23-200f93a43444).

  * [Amazon Services Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/external/G1791)
  * [Remove inventory overview](/gp/help/external/G200280650)
  * [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory/)
  * [Recalled products](/gp/help/external/G200164750)
  * [National drug code directory](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/ndc/index.cfm)
  * [Understanding Over-the-counter Medicines](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/buying-using-medicine-safely/understanding-over-counter-medicines)
  * [ISO 17025 International Organization for Standardization](https://www.iso.org/ISO-IEC-17025-testing-and-calibration-laboratories.html)
  * [Accredited certifying body](https://www.fda.gov/food/food-safety-modernization-act-fsma/fsma-final-rule-accredited-third-party-certification)

**Disclaimer:** The information provided on this page does not and is not
intended to constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

