---
title: Optional coverage for loss or damage
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200204080
section: General Documentation
---

This page helps you resolve operational issues faced by carriers that offer
Buy Shipping services.

## Amazon Shipping optional coverage

We strive to deliver every package in perfect condition. However, if something
goes wrong, you can report a package problem on the Shipping Claims page
within 60 days from the date of delivery or expected delivery date (in case of
lost packages). For your claim to be approved, your customers must be refunded
before the claim is submitted. For off-Amazon claims, an invoice must be
uploaded as proof of refund on submission. If you file any claim without
completing the previous steps, the status of the claim will change to “Missing
info from shipper” until it is provided. If you send a replacement, you must
include details about the replacement carrier and tracking information when
submitting the claim.

Follow [Amazon Shipping Claims](https://ship.amazon.com/claims) guidelines to
file a claim. Review [Amazon Shipping
help](https://ship.amazon.com/help-v2/Claims) for more details.

## FedEx optional coverage

The FedEx maximum liability for loss, damage, delay, or any other claim with
regard to any shipment is limited to US $100 or US $9.07 per pound, whichever
is greater, if no value is declared. If the value of your shipment exceeds US
$100, you can declare a value of up to US $50,000 and pay an additional fee.
FedEx Express and FedEx ground services charge additional US $0.90 per US $100
of declared value. For shipments valued in excess of US $100.00, the minimum
charge is US $2.70.

To file a claim with FedEx for a lost or damaged package, visit [FedEx Claims
Online](http://www.fedex.com/us/fcl/pckgenvlp/online-claims).

## OnTrac Optional Coverage

OnTrac provides up to $100 of declared value coverage for all shipments at no
cost. Additional coverage is offered at a rate of $0.90 per $100 of additional
declared value.

  * File a claim with OnTrack

The seller can file a claim by texting the OnTrac Support phone number (302)
246-7136, [live chatting](https://www.ontrac.com/) with Customer Service on
the carrier site, and emailing
[cargoclaims@ontrac.com](mailto:cargoclaims@ontrac.com)

**Additional information on rules and instructions for submitting claims with
OnTrac can be found on the carrier site under[Shipment
Claims](https://www.ontrac.com/terms-conditions/)**

## TForce Optional Coverage

To file a claim for a lost or damaged package, contact TForce Customer Support
at 855-396-2639.

## UPS optional coverage

UPS’s liability for loss or damage to each UPS domestic package or
international shipment, or to each pallet in a UPS Worldwide Express Freight®
service shipment, is limited to a value of $100, except as set forth below.
Unless a greater value is recorded in the declared value field of the UPS
Source Document or the UPS Automated Shipping System used, the shipper agrees
that the released value of each domestic package or international shipment, or
pallet is no greater than $100, which is a reasonable value under the
circumstances surrounding the transportation, and that UPS shall not be liable
for more than $100 for each domestic package or international shipment or
pallet. To increase UPS’s limit of liability for loss or damage above $100,
the shipper must declare a value in excess of $100 for each package or pallet
in the declared value field of the UPS Source Document or the UPS Automated
Shipping System used and pay an additional charge. The shipper cannot declare
a value in excess of the maximum allowable limits set forth as $50,000.00

  * File a claim with UPS

Amazon’s Buy Shipping service enables you to access shipping solutions offered
by a network of shipping carriers, including UPS. When you use Buy Shipping
and related services from UPS, you must file claims of loss or damage directly
with UPS regardless of whether UPS charges a Buy Shipping service fees to your
Amazon account or linked UPS shipper account. Amazon may not file claims on
your behalf or reimburse you for any successful claims. Upon successful
resolution of a claim, UPS will reimburse you directly to the extent such
payments are required by UPS terms and conditions.

To file a claim with UPS follow these steps:

  * File a claim with UPS by calling 1-800-711-5914 
    * The UPS personnel at the above phone number are trained to support claims requested by Amazon sellers.
  * When submitting the claim, inform UPS that you are filing a claim for a damaged or lost item for Amazon seller-fulfilled.

If UPS will not move forward with your claim request or the claim was
initiated but not paid, follow these steps:

  * Call UPS at 1-800-711-5914 (this phone number is designated for Amazon sellers), and request UPS to help with your claim.
  * If UPS continues to refuse to settle the claim, you can contact Amazon. However, before contacting Amazon, you must obtain the following information from UPS by calling 1-800-711-5914:
    * UPS tracking information (required)
    * First and last name, or agent ID, for the UPS employee who refused to initiate the claim (required)
    * Your contact email, phone number, or both–this will be provided to UPS (required)
    * Business name and full mailing address to where the claims payment check should be sent (required)
    * UPS claim number (if available)

## USPS package insurance via U-PIC

For Express Mail and Priority Mail, USPS automatically provides $100 of
insurance, at no additional charge.

However, when you buy shipping services from USPS, you can also buy up to
$5,000 insurance through U-PIC for shipping methods that do not have USPS
insurance built in.

We recommend typing the **Shipping ID** into the **Seller memo** section of
the **Order Detail** page, so you will be able to easily find it if you want
to file a claim. The **Shipping ID** is under the barcode on the actual
shipping label.

  * File a claim with USPS

If a package is damaged, you can file a claim as soon as the buyer informs you
of the damage.

For lost packages, remember that each claim must be filled within a certain
period and include proof of insurance, value and damage. Go to the USPS site
to find out [when to file a claim](https://faq.usps.com/s/article/Domestic-
Claims-The-
Basics?_gl=1*13qbtm7*_ga*OTcxNzI3NzkxLjE2NzY0NzI5ODA.*_ga_3NXP3C8S9V*MTY4NDE3NzQ4NC44LjEuMTY4NDE3NzY2Ny4wLjAuMA)

To file a domestic claim with USPS for the first $100 of Priority & Express
Mail insurance, go to [File a Claim](https://www.usps.com/help/claims.htm) on
the USPS website.

If you are unable to file a claim online, you may have a domestic claim form
mailed to you.

  

  1. Call the USPS National Materials Customer Service center during their hours of operation to request a domestic claim form.
  2. Complete the form and mail it, along with proof of value and insurance, to the address on the form.

**National Materials Customer Service**

1-800-332-0317

**Hours of Operation**

Monday - Friday, 6:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Central Time

Saturday/Sunday - **CLOSED**

Federal Holidays - **CLOSED**

For more information on domestic claims and how to appeal denied domestic
claims, go to [Domestic Claims-The
Basics](https://faq.usps.com/s/article/Domestic-Claims-The-
Basics?_gl=1*13qbtm7*_ga*OTcxNzI3NzkxLjE2NzY0NzI5ODA.*_ga_3NXP3C8S9V*MTY4NDE3NzQ4NC44LjEuMTY4NDE3NzY2Ny4wLjAuMA)

For international shipments, go to [File a Claim:
International](https://www.usps.com/help/international-claims.htm)

For more information on USPS lost and damage claims, go to [USPS Postal
Explorer](https://pe.usps.com/text/dmm300/609.htm?_gl=1*elz9va*_ga*OTcxNzI3NzkxLjE2NzY0NzI5ODA.*_ga_3NXP3C8S9V*MTY4NDE3NzQ4NC44LjAuMTY4NDE3NzQ4NC4wLjAuMA)

**Note:** If you purchased insurance through U-PIC then you must file a U-PIC
claim, please read the [U-PIC / Amazon Coverage
Rules](http://www.u-pic.com/CoverageRules.aspx?sender=Amazon) and follow the
[U-PIC Claim
Instructions](http://www.u-pic.com/CoverageRules.aspx?sender=Amazon)

## DHL Express: US to Mexico coverage

DHL's maximum liability for loss or damage of international air shipments is
limited to approximately $30.00 per kg under international treaty. DHL has no
liability for damage or loss caused by delays. For additional coverage for
shipment loss or damage, you can declare a higher value and pay an additional
fee for Shipment Value Protection.

For shipments originating in the US and US Territories, Shipment Value
Protection will be provided at a cost of $1.00 per $100.00 of coverage, with a
minimum charge of $3.00. Shipment Value Protection does not cover indirect
loss or damage, or loss or damage caused by delays. Shipment Value Protection
over $50,000.00 per shipment must be pre-approved by DHL. DHL is willing to
consider these requests but is under no obligation to approve them.

## DHL Express: Mexico domestic coverage

DHL provides the option to contract additional insurance for your shipment
while in transit. DHL charges minimum MXN 65 + VAT for additional insurance
coverage for all shipments with a declared value less than or equal to MXN
6,500.

For items with a declared value over MXN 6,500, the insurance charge amounts
to 1% of the declared value + VAT. Insurance coverage is capped at a total
value of MXN 700,000. When you declare a value, DHL limits payments on claims
to the replacement value of the item even if the declared value is higher.

