---
title: Optimize your product discoverability
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G10471
section: General Documentation
---

Customers can only buy products that they are able to find. One way customers
find your products is to search by entering the keywords, which are matched
against information such as title and description that you provide for a
product.

By providing relevant and complete information for your product, you can help
increase your product's visibility and sales. Below are some general
guidelines to improve your product discoverability.

## Titles

The product title is often the first piece of information customers see about
your offering, so it needs to clearly and concisely communicate the key
details about your product. You only have a brief moment to capture the
attention of potential shoppers, so your Amazon product title should be
similar to what would appear on the physical packaging - an impactful summary
of your product.

Product title should be informative, concise, and adhere to Amazon's
guidelines. To learn more, go to [Product title
requirements](/gp/help/external/GYTR6SYGFA5E3EQC).

## Bullet Points and Product Description

Bullet points and product description are highly effective ways to highlight
the key features and benefits of your product. Bullet points appear directly
on the product detail page and allow you to include up to five descriptive
points. Crafting well-written, informative bullet points can help boost sales,
as customers rely on this content to quickly understand a product's
distinguishing characteristics and decide if it meets their needs. To learn
more, go to [Product bullet points requirements](/gp/help/GX5L8BF8GLMML6CX).

The product description, presented in paragraph form on the detail page,
should provide an elaboration on the key features and uses of your product.
This section allows you to go into more depth, including details like product
usage, benefits, technical specifications, and the best applications for the
item. The product description, should be concise, clear, and engaging,
enticing potential buyers while providing all necessary information to make an
informed purchasing decision. To learn more, go to [Product detail page
rules](/gp/help/G200390640).

**Note:** Amazon reserves the right to not use all supplied content from the
product description (including the bullet points) for retrieving products in
customers’ shopping search results. Reasons for not using all keywords may
include, but are not limited to, search computational efficiency, potential
manipulation of shopping results, irrelevant search terms and offensive or
illegal terms. However, it's recommended to keep these details updated as per
the style guidelines.

## Generic Keywords

Amazon provides you with an opportunity to add search terms for your products.
These search terms should only include generic words that enhance the
discoverability of your product. For example, if you're selling headphones,
your search terms can contain synonyms such as "earphones" and "earbuds".
These are hidden from the customers and can be updated in the **Generic
Keyword** field of your listing.

To find examples and guidelines on updating **Generic Keyword** , go to [Use
search terms effectively](/gp/help/G23501).

**Note:** We limit the length of the Generic Keyword attribute to less than
250 bytes. Amazon reserves the right to not use all supplied keywords for
retrieving products. Reasons for not using all keywords may include, but are
not limited to, search computational efficiency, potential manipulation of
shopping results, irrelevant search terms, and offensive or illegal terms.
Search terms can be eliminated, if prohibited search terms such as brand
names, ASINs, or offensive language are supplied as Generic Keyword.

## Product Classification

Proper product classification is the key to organize items into relevant
categories and subcategories on Amazon. By updating Item Type Keyword values,
you can ensure your products are placed in the most relevant subcategories.
This helps customers easily discover your offerings as they browse and search
on Amazon.

If the product classification information you provide is missing, inadequate,
or incorrect, it will be difficult for customers to find your products. Taking
the time to carefully classify your items by updating relevant Item Type
Keyword is essential for improving product discoverability and driving sales.
To learn more go to [Accurately classifying your products](/gp/help/G25771).

## Optimize your brand’s listings

To learn about strategies to help improve listing discoverability and overall
conversion, watch this Seller University video:

