---
title: Order defect rate
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200285170
section: General Documentation
---

The order defect rate (ODR) is a key measure of your ability to provide a good
customer experience. ODR represents the percentage of orders with one or more
indicators of poor customer service during a given 60-day time period. The
following are the three components of ODR:

  * Negative Feedback Rate
  * A-to-z Guarantee Claim Rate
  * Credit Card Chargeback Rate

In order to meet customer expectations, we require sellers to maintain an ODR
under 1% in order to sell in the Amazon Store. An order defect rate above 1%
may result in a restriction of your selling privileges, including suspension
of seller-fulfilled offers.

If your seller-fulfilled offers are at risk of deactivation, you may be
eligible to take a quiz to avoid the deactivation. For eligible sellers, the
option will appear in the banner at the top of your [Account
Health](/performance/dashboard) page where you will be given an opportunity to
take a five-question quiz regarding the ODR policy. You have 72 hours to take
the quiz. If you pass the quiz, no plan of action (POA) will be required from
you, or will your listings be deactivated. We recommend that you look for and
take the quiz whenever available, as this is the best way to maintain your
account health.

**Note:** Even after successful quiz completion, you must continue to monitor
your account health to ensure you meet all applicable performance targets and
abide by the policies required to sell on Amazon.

If your seller-filled offers are already deactivated due to not meeting the
ODR requirement, you can follow the appeal path from Seller Central’s [Account
Health](/performance/dashboard) page by clicking **Submit Appeal** and follow
the online instructions to submit a POA for reinstatement.

## Negative Feedback Rate

The Negative Feedback Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of
orders that have received negative feedback divided by the number of orders in
the relevant period. This metric is order-correlated, meaning we look at the
date of the order (not the date on which the feedback was received) when
computing the rate. The Negative Feedback Rate might not match the feedback
that buyers see, which is calculated based on when the feedback was received
instead of when the order was placed.

A seller who maintains a low percentage of negative feedback reflects our
customer-centric philosophy. One- and two-star ratings are considered
negative. For more information, go to [Monitor your account
health](/gp/help/G200205250).

If you received negative feedback from a buyer, we recommend that you try to
identify what caused the negative experience and work with the buyer using one
of the following options:

#### Use the Feedback Manager

  

  1. In the **Recent Feedback** table, select **Contact Customer** under the **Actions** column next to the designated Order ID.

#### Use the [Buyer-Seller Messaging templates](/messaging/templates)

For more information, go to [Email templates for Buyer-Seller
Messaging](/gp/help/G201109160).

**Note:** You can only use the Buyer-Seller Messaging templates to contact a
buyer in regards to an order or a customer service question.

If you believe a buyer submitted incorrect feedback, and if it meets the
requirements for [removal](/gp/help/G20231), you can request a removal using
the following action in the **Feedback Manager** :  

  1. In the **Recent Feedback** table, next to the **Order ID** you want to request feedback removal, select **Request removal** under the **Actions** column.

**Note:** If a buyer withdraws negative feedback, it is not counted as part of
ODR. However, it might take up to 48 hours after a buyer has removed the
feedback for it to be removed from your ODR.

For more information, go to [Can Amazon remove buyer
feedback?](/gp/help/G20231)

## A-to-z Guarantee Claim Rate

The A-to-z Guarantee Claim Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of
orders with a relevant claim divided by the number of orders in a given 60-day
time period. To manage and take action on claims, go to [Manage A-to-z
Claims](/gp/guarantee-claims/home.html/).

The following types of claims impact your ODR:

  * Claims that are granted to the buyer and for which, Amazon determines that you were at fault
  * Claims for which you refunded the buyer after the claim was filed
  * Claims for which you or Amazon canceled the order 
  * Claims that are pending a decision on appeal 

The following types of claims do not impact your ODR:

  * Claims for which, Amazon determines that you were not at fault
  * Claims that are denied to the buyer
  * Claims that were withdrawn by the buyer
  * Claims that fall under the [A-to-z Claims Process for Property Damage and Personal Injury](/gp/help/GTY6NYZDFD5CENYH).

**Note:** If a claim decision is reversed on appeal and you are found not to
be at fault, the claim will be removed from your ODR.

For more information about the A-to-z Guarantee Claims investigation process,
go to [Amazon’s A-to-z Guarantee Claims](/gp/help/GQ6762Y9AB2FYDY8).

If you require additional assistance with addressing A-to-z Guarantee Claims
issues, you can use the **A-to-z Guarantee Claims Questions** tool:

## Credit Card Chargeback Rate

The Credit Card Chargeback Rate (represented as a percentage) is the number of
orders that have received a credit card chargeback divided by the number of
orders in the relevant period. The metric is order-correlated, meaning we look
at the date of the order (not the date on which the service chargeback was
received) when computing the rate.

A credit card chargeback is similar to an A-to-z Guarantee claim except that
the credit card issuer processes the claim and makes the decision, not Amazon.

Possible problems might include:

  * The buyer claims they didn't receive the item.
  * The buyer returned the item, but didn't receive a refund.
  * The buyer received a damaged or defective product.

When a buyer disputes a purchase charged to their credit card, it is referred
to as a chargeback request. We broadly categorize chargebacks as either
**fraud** or **service**.

A **fraud chargeback** means the buyer claims not to have made the purchase at
all. These claims are typically related to stolen credit cards used by
fraudulent buyers. Amazon does not count fraudulent transaction chargebacks
toward your ODR.

A **service chargeback** means the buyer acknowledges a purchase, but
indicates to their credit card issuer that they experienced a problem. In
those instances, if the credit card company decides in favor of the buyer, it
will count against your ODR.

For more information regarding how to address credit card chargeback claims,
go to [Respond to a chargeback claim](/gp/help/G202145040).

**Note:** For details about communication with buyers, go to [Communicate with
buyers using the Buyer-Seller Messaging Service](/gp/help/G200389080).

To view your ODR and download your ODR report:  

  1. Go to [Account Health](/performance/dashboard) under **Performance**.
  2. In the **Customer Service Performance** section, click **View details**.
  3. Select the **Order Defect Rate** tab. Scroll down and click **Download Report**.

