---
title: Overview of Amazon Device Accessories
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQULUKU23TN5EMHD
section: General Documentation
---

You can list products on Amazon that are exclusively compatible with Amazon
devices. Amazon device accessories are defined as either of the following:

  * Accessories that are designed exclusively to fit the form factor of an Amazon device
  * Accessories that function exclusively with specific Amazon devices

If an accessory is compatible with **both** Amazon and non-Amazon devices, it
doesn't belong in the Amazon Device Accessories category.

## Amazon device brands

Your accessory will be categorized under Amazon Device Accessories if it’s
exclusively compatible, as defined above, with Amazon devices from the
following brands:

  * Echo
  * Fire
  * Kindle
  * Ring

At this time, accessories for Amazon devices from the brands that are listed
below aren't included in the Amazon Device Accessories category. Accessories
that you list for these devices will be charged the [referral
fees](/gp/help/G200336920) for the Electronic Accessories category or the
Consumer Electronics category, based on the most relevant product type that
you select.

  * Astro
  * Blink
  * eero
  * Halo
  * Luna

If you intend to use Works with Alexa or highlight Alexa compatibility on your
product detail page, go to [Works with Alexa
program](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/alexa/devices/connected-
devices/business-resources/works-with-alexa) for more information.

## Benefits of selling Amazon device accessories

The following benefits apply when you list products in the Amazon Device
Accessories category:

  * You can have early access to news about new or updated device specifications and dimensions when devices are announced.
  * The accessory-device compatibility widget will appear on your applicable product detail pages.

The accessory-device compatibility widget is available in select stores. For
example, if a customer owns an Echo Show 5 or has the device in their cart,
the widget would display the following message that indicates the
compatibility of the accessory: “Compatible with your Echo Show 5 1st Gen 2019
release Smart display.”

## Product types

Amazon uses internal algorithms to determine if an accessory is exclusively
compatible with an Amazon device, based on the product type that you select
and the catalog information that you provide at the time of listing.

Below are **non-exhaustive lists** of product types that are likely be
included in or excluded from the Amazon Device Accessories category, based on
exclusive compatibility.

**Product types that are likely to be included** :

  * Cases and covers
  * Screen protectors
  * Remotes
  * Remote covers
  * Skins and decals
  * Docking stations
  * Battery bases
  * Stands
  * Mounts
  * Keyboards

**Product types that are likely to be excluded** :

  * Charging accessories
  * Universal remote controls
  * Sleeves and pouches

## Policy and guidelines

When listing your accessory, make sure that your listing complies with both
the [Amazon device accessories policy](/gp/help/G200500100) and [Amazon
devices: Fair use and compatibility guidelines](/gp/help/G200500120).

If you misrepresent, misuse, or avoid using Amazon trademarks to exhibit
compatibility, you may be subject to the consequences that are outlined in the
fair use and compatibility guidelines.

## Fee categorization

When you list your accessory, choose the [product
type](/gp/help/GYV2F6WS9N9FDYD9) that’s most relevant to the accessory that’s
being listed. For example, a cover for a Kindle device should be listed under
**portable_electronic_device_cover**.

After the ASIN for your accessory is live and has been categorized under
Amazon Device Accessories, the product will be charged the appropriate
referral fees. To view the referral fee rates for the Amazon Device
Accessories category, go to [Selling on Amazon fee
schedule](/gp/help/G200336920).

For more information about fee categories, go to [Fee category guidelines for
your products](/gc/fee-category-guidelines).

**Note:** If a product type isn't available at the time of listing, categorize
your listing by the product type that most closely matches your accessory.
Amazon may reclassify your products based on internal automated algorithms
that are used to match ASINs to the correct product types. As new product
types are added, Amazon will automatically reclassify existing ASINs under the
newly created product types.

To provide feedback or suggestions about selling Amazon device accessories,
contact us at [amazon-device-accessories@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-device-
accessories@amazon.com).

