---
title: Paying for Amazon Global Logistics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZJ4B4HXDUEWP4PC
section: General Documentation
---

You can pay for Amazon Global Logistics shipments in two ways:

  * With a disbursement account through Seller Central 
  * Via wire transfer through [Shipper Central](https://ship.amazon.cn/)

**Note:** For step-by-step instructions on setting up payment, download
**Using Amazon Global Logistics in Seller Central** in
[English](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/AGL/AGL_onboarding_US_FINAL-
en_us1.pdf) or [Chinese](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/AGL/AGL_onboarding_US_FINAL-zh_cn.pdf).

For more information, see these Help topics:

[Booking transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE)

[Using Send to Amazon to book transportation with Amazon Global
Logistics](/gp/help/GV6DMTQ3AKGYUWWN)

[After you book: bill of lading, shipment tracking, changing a
booking](/gp/help/GH34CM95UF7CCXKM)

[Claims and reimbursements](/gp/help/GR384ESWC8HH8667)

## Program fees and how to view them

Amazon Global Logistics charges these fees:

  * End-to-end freight 
  * Any [value-added services](/gp/help/G4R925S74NFMCLXA)
  * Taxes and duties
  * Any additional fees

To view your overall fees, click your payments summary on the Seller Central
homepage. You can also go to your [payments
dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html) by clicking **Reports** and then
selecting **Payments**.

To view specific fees, do the following:

  1. Go to your [payments dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html).

  2. Click the **Transaction View** tab.

  3. In the **Filter view by** drop-down menu, select **Service Fees**.

  4. Click **Update**. Amazon Global Logistics freight charges will appear as **FBA International Freight Shipping Charge** and **FBA International Freight Duties and Taxes Charge**.

For an itemized breakdown of a fee, click the cost in the **Total** column.

**Note:** For a complete list of rates for shipments from China to the US, go
to the [Amazon Global Logistics portal](/gssportal/index.html).

##  USD payments with a disbursement account

You can pay in US dollars (USD) through Seller Central by using a disbursement
account.Fees are charged against the account within 48 hours after a shipment
is received at a fulfillment center. If inventory is being distributed to
multiple fulfillment centers, fees are charged 7 days after delivery to the
first fulfillment center. If there are additional fees, they will typically be
charged seven days after the shipment has been received and, if necessary,
charged again 14 days later.

With a disbursement account, you’ll select a preferred currency when you [set
up your Amazon Global Logistics profile](/gssportal/index.html). You’ll also
provide general company information (including address, email, phone, and
signatory name), tax information (bank name and account number), and billing
contact information.

**Note:** Be sure to have a sufficient balance in your Seller Central account
when making payment. If you don’t have a sufficient balance, Amazon may seek
payment or reimbursement by other means permitted by your seller agreement or
applicable law. This can include charging your credit card.

## CNY or RMB payments via wire transfer

You can book shipments through Shipper Central and pay in Chinese yuan (CNY)
or renminbi (RMB) via wire transfer. If you have never used Shipper Central
and prefer to pay using a wire transfer, [sign up for an
account](https://ship.amazon.cn).

