---
title: Payment Service Provider FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GY8JTVAWBPQT2XFC
section: General Documentation
---

This page has answers to frequently asked questions about the Payment Service
Provider Program.  
  
#### What is the Payment Service Provider program?

As part of our continued effort to make Amazon the safest and most trusted
store in the world for customers and sellers, we launched the Payment Service
Provider Program. This enhances our ability to detect, prevent, and take
actions against potential bad actors so we can continue to protect customers
and sellers from fraud and abuse. Sellers that choose to use a Payment Service
Provider (PSP) to receive their Amazon store sales proceeds are required to
use a PSP that is participating in this Program.

#### How do I know if I’m using a Payment Service Provider (PSP)?

You are using a PSP if the bank account you assigned as Deposit Method to your
Amazon store is managed by a payment company instead of directly issued to you
by a deposit-taking bank.

#### How do I know if I need to switch my PSP or provide another bank account?

If you use a PSP that is not listed as a [currently participating
PSP](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1),
we recommend you contact them to learn about their enrollment plan. If they do
not plan to enroll, switch to one of the following disbursement solutions
within 45 days after receiving an email notification from Amazon:  

  1. A bank account provided to you by a participating PSP
  2. A bank account directly issued to you by a deposit-taking bank accepting disbursements in your Amazon store currency
  3. Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers (ACCS) disbursing to your bank account obtained either directly from a deposit-taking bank or from a participating PSP

#### What if I continue using a non-participating PSP?

If you do not switch to a participating PSP or use a bank account directly
issued by a deposit-taking bank within 45 days after receiving an email
notification from Amazon, you will no longer be able to receive
disbursementusing a non-participating PSP.

#### How do I switch to a participating PSP?

Refer to the question "How do I know if I need to switch my PSP or provide
another bank account?" above to see if you have to provide another bank
account. If you have to switch to a participating PSP, follow these steps:  

  1. Choose one of the [currently participating PSPs](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1).
  2. Visit the participating PSP website of your choice, follow the instructions to apply for a bank account that supports your Amazon store currencies, and complete the verification process required by the PSP.
  3. Once you've obtained the new bank account from a participating PSP and provided whatever information or documents your PSP requires in order to complete the required know-your-customer (KYC) review, go to the **Deposit methods** page in your seller account to update your bank account information.

**Note:** There is a mandatory three-day security hold before any changes to
bank account information take effect. Transfers of funds cannot be initiated
until after that period, which starts on the date you submit your new bank
account information in your seller account.

  4. Provide any additional documentation that may be required by Amazon in order to complete your bank account update process.

If you experience any account issues, contact Selling Partner Support.

#### I understand PSPs must perform KYC and other risk management checks
before I can use the bank account. How do I know if my PSP has completed them?

You can find your KYC review status from your PSP account or by contacting
your PSP’s customer support or account manager. Alternatively, you can also
find your PSP's KYC status of the bank accounts you registered on Amazon via
the **Deposit methods** page in your seller account.

#### I've provided all the KYC information required by my PSP and my PSP has
confirmed that no further steps are required. When will this be reflect on
Amazon?

It can take up to 24 hours for your participating PSP’s KYC review result to
be published on Amazon. If you believe the status shown on the **Deposit
methods** page is not accurate after 24 hours, contact your PSP’s customer
support or account manager to ensure the result has been published to Amazon.
If your PSP confirmed that they have already published the KYC review result
to Amazon, you can contact our Selling Partner Support team.

#### What if my participating PSP never completes the KYC review?

If your PSP does not complete the required KYC review within 45 days after you
received the first email notification from Amazon, you'll no longer be able to
receive disbursement to that bank account until the KYC review is completed.

**Note:** Your PSP may require additional information or documents from you in
order to complete this required step.

#### What should I do if I am using Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers
(ACCS)?

If you are using ACCS and are disbursing your Amazon store proceeds to a bank
account directly issued to you by a deposit-taking bank or by a participating
PSP, no action is necessary. If you are using ACCS to disburse to a bank
account issued by a non-participating PSP, refer to the question "How do I
know if I need to switch my PSP or provide another bank account?" above to
determine whether you have to take action.

#### Whom should I contact for support if I have question about my bank
account?

For issues with your bank account issued by a PSP, contact your PSP first. If
you have confirmed your bank account is issued by a participating PSP but
still have issues using it as your Amazon deposit method, you can [contact
us](/help/hub/support).

For more information, go to [Acceptable bank accounts and payment service
providers](/gp/help/GKLETRP8MLF7CVFX).

#### How does Amazon work with participating PSPs in this program?

Participating PSPs must have appropriate risk and compliance controls in place
and work with Amazon to reduce the potential for fraud and abuse. For more
information, go to [Acceptable bank accounts and payment service
providers](/gp/help/GKLETRP8MLF7CVFX).

