---
title: Payments for global accounts
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468470
section: General Documentation
---

When opening a new Amazon seller account in a new marketplace, there are
several ways you can set up your account to get paid. You can use one of the
following methods:

  * Use a bank account in the marketplace where you want to list.
  * Use Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers 
  * Use a third-party currency conversion service 

##  Use a bank account in the marketplace

If you prefer to maintain a high level of control over your financial
accounts, you can open a bank account in the country where you want to sell.
This is typically a more complex process, as you may need to create a legal
business entity in that country. So consult your legal, tax, and banking
advisors.

## Amazon Currency Converter

If you would prefer not to open a bank account in the country of another
Amazon marketplace, you can opt for Amazon Currency Converter. With the Amazon
Currency Converter service, you can be paid directly in your local bank
account in local currency, provided you have a bank account in a
[country/region and currency supported by Amazon Currency
Converter](/gp/help/200497780).

##

**How the Amazon Currency Converter Works**

When you enter a bank account that operates with a different currency from
that of the marketplace in which you're selling, you must accept the terms and
conditions of the Amazon Currency Converter in order to receive payment to
that bank account. Every disbursement will automatically be transferred to
your local bank, in your local currency. If you enter new bank account
details, you must accept the Amazon Currency Converter terms and conditions
again.

**How to start using the Amazon Currency Converter**

Once you have created a seller account, follow these steps to start using the
Amazon Currency Converter:

  

  1. On the **Settings** menu, click **Account Info**.
  2. On the **Seller Account Information** page, click the **Bank Account Information** button in the **Payment Information** section. 
  3. On the **Deposit Methods** page, either select an existing bank account from the drop-down list or click **Assign** to register a new bank account.
  4. Select the country of your bank account in the **Bank Location** country drop-down menu. 
  5. Enter your bank account information, accept the terms and conditions, and click the **Submit** button. Amazon Currency Converter is now active for your account. 

**Fees for the Amazon Currency Converter**

Once you have activated the Amazon Currency Converter and you have a positive
balance in your seller account, you can view the applicable exchange rate for
that day for transfers to your bank account by clicking the **View Exchange
Rate** button on your **Payment Summary** page. The applicable exchange rate
includes all fees and charges related to your use of the Amazon Currency
Converter.

## Hyperwallet

If you would prefer not to open a bank account in the country of another
Amazon marketplace, or a country or region supported by the Amazon Currency
Converter, you have the option of using Hyperwallet, a third-party payment
service provider offering currency conversion services. Hyperwallet makes
local currency disbursements available in your country or region. You may
receive the proceeds from your Amazon sales to a Hyperwallet deposit account,
then transfer them directly to your bank in your local currency. Learn more
about [Using Hyperwallet with Amazon](/gp/help/G7S55VWDZ9SQCUEX).

**Note:** If your bank account is not located in one of the countries or
regions supported by the Amazon Currency Converter or Hyperwallet, Amazon may
not be able to disburse payments to your bank account. You will need to open a
bank account in one of the countries or regions supported by Amazon - either a
bank account in one of the countries or regions where Amazon has a
marketplace, a bank account in a [country/region and currency supported by
Amazon Currency Converter](/gp/help/200497780), or create an account with
Hyperwallet or other third-party payment service provider offering currency
conversion services. Your use of Hyperwalletâ€™s services is subject to their
[terms and
conditions](https://sellers.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/show.xhtml?page=userAgreement).

