---
title: Payment Service Provider updates
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GHP8M87Z5W6XTSTL
section: General Documentation
---

As part of our continued effort to make Amazon the safest and most trusted
store in the world for customers and sellers, Amazon announced the Payment
Service Provider Program (PSPP, or ''Program'') on February 1, 2021. For more
information, go to [New Payment Service Provider
policy](/gp/headlines.html?id=GMKVUNE2NUJVULZE) announcement. Sellers that
choose to use a payment service provider (PSP) to receive their Amazon store
sales proceeds must use a PSP participating in the Program.  
  
As of **July 15, 2021** , we have stopped making disbursements to sellers
using non-participating PSPs. To avoid impact, sellers using non-participating
PSPs need to switch to a participating PSP or switch to a deposit-taking bank
(that is a traditional bank account) to receive their disbursements.

## Participating PSPs

If you're currently using a PSP from the list of participating PSPs below or a
deposit-taking bank in order to receive your disbursements, no action is
required.

**Note:** You can view the participating PSPs on the [disbursement solutions
list](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1).

  * Airwallex
  * Allinpay
  * Baofu
  * Bank of Hangzhou
  * China CITIC Bank
  * CoGoLinks
  * Currenxie
  * Coralglobal
  * Ebury
  * Fortunetech
  * Geewallet 
  * Glofortune Company Limited
  * GPS Capital Markets
  * Huifu
  * iPaylinks
  * Lakala Payment
  * LianLian Global
  * Linklogis
  * Metaprise
  * Netease Global Pay
  * OFX
  * Onerway
  * Payability
  * PayGlocal 
  * Payoneer
  * Photon Dance
  * PingPong
  * PingAn Pay
  * Razorpay
  * SellersFi
  * Skydo
  * Skyee
  * Storfund 
  * Sunrate
  * TransferEasy
  * Transfermate
  * Tenpay Global
  * Whalet
  * Wise
  * Windpayer
  * WorldFirst
  * Zhejiang Chouzhou Commercial Bank
  * Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank
  * Zyla

## What's new? More PSPs are joining the program!

We are working diligently to enroll more PSPs into the Program. The following
PSPs have met our requirements for provisional enrollment and are currently
working toward becoming full participants. If you are using any of these PSPs,
no action is required at this time. You can continue to use your PSP to
receive your Amazon store disbursements without being impacted. Once these
PSPs have fulfilled the requirements for full enrollment, they will be added
to the participating PSP list and to our [disbursement solutions
list](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1).

  * Bank of Ningbo
  * Bank of Wenzhou
  * China Industrial Bank
  * Hyperwallet
  * Revolut Ltd
  * Seven Seas Finance
  * Shanghai Pudong Development Bank

If you're using a PSP that is not on the list above or on the [disbursement
solutions
list](/apps/store/search?category=f00228ab-f2c8-4e3d-ac20-d4c159e5e482&pageNumber=1),
contact your PSP to find out about their participation plan and current
status. If your PSP doesn't plan to enroll, switch to a participating PSP or
use a deposit-taking bank as soon as possible to avoid impact to your
disbursements.

We'll update the above list on a weekly basis.

