---
title: Payments based on delivery date
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202124090
section: General Documentation
---

We typically reserve your funds until a specific number of days after your
shipments are delivered. Transactions that are reserved for delivery date
policy appear on your Payments Dashboard as **Deferred transactions**.

#### Why are delivery date reserves applied to my account?

Delivery date reserves ensure you have enough funds to fulfill financial
obligations, such as refunds, claims or chargebacks.

#### How long are funds reserved?

Funds are reserved until a shipment is delivered, plus a reserve period. The
standard reserve period is 7 days after delivery date (“DD + 7” reserve
policy). For example, if you sell something on January 1, and it is delivered
on January 6, then under the DD + 7 policy, your funds will become available
for disbursement starting on January 14.

Your reserve period may be extended following an assessment of your overall
risk and historical performance.

#### What share of funds are held back by delivery date reserves?

Delivery date reserves are calculated based on shipment delivery dates. You
can view the list of transactions and the corresponding amounts subjected to
reserve on the Payments Transaction view, and their total is included as part
of the **Deferred transactions** line of the **Total Balance** tile on
Payments Dashboard.

#### What happens when delivery date reserves are applied to my account?

If you recently had a delivery date reserve policy applied to your account, or
if you have just started selling, it is normal for all of your funds to be
held in reserve. This is because your reserve amount is based on the funds
from shipments that were delivered within your reserve period (with the
standard being seven days, or "DD+7"). When you ship a product, you can view
the corresponding payment transaction on Payments >Transaction view. Filter
for Transaction status **Deferred transactions** and click **Update** to see a
list of all transactions currently held in reserve, and the expected payment
release date for each transaction. Funds from these transactions will be
released in accordance with the shipment’s delivery date, at which point, the
transaction status will update to “released” and funds will be available for
transfer to your bank account. You can also download a detailed report of
these transactions by navigating to the Payments Reports Repository and
requesting for Report type **Deferred transactions**.

#### How are shipment delivery dates determined?

When you use an [integrated shipping carrier](/gp/help/G201817070), we will
use the actual delivery date of the order. In the absence of valid tracking
data, we will use the latest estimated delivery date (EDD).

#### What can I do to get paid faster?

  * Dispatch your items as soon as possible, and confirm dispatch in [Manage Orders](/gp/orders-v2/list/).
  * [Provide valid tracking numbers](/gp/help/G201817070) when confirming shipments. This gives buyers peace of mind, knowing that their package is on the way. Use an integrated carrier, as the actual delivery date is typically earlier than the latest estimated delivery date (EDD).
  * Choose faster delivery.

