---
title: Payments Guidelines and Transaction Processing Services
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202073180
section: General Documentation
---

##  Referral Fee

For each Transaction, Amazon, or Amazon Payments, Inc. ("**Amazon Payments**
"), will retain a "Referral Fee" equal to the applicable Amazon Referral Fee
Percentage of your Sales Revenue.

**The Amazon Referral Fee Percentage for New Customers and Renewals is 25%.**

##  Remittance

As payment in full for any Transactions, Amazon, or Amazon Payments, will
remit to you all Sales Revenue received during a month within 30 days after
the end of that month, less: (a) Referral Fees due and (b) any amounts
refunded to customers and not previously deducted from Sales Revenue. Amazon
does not guarantee payment on behalf of any customers. Amazon, or Amazon
Payments', obligation to remit funds collected by it on your behalf is limited
to funds that have actually been received by Amazon or Amazon Payments less
amounts owed to Amazon, subject to chargeback, reversal or withheld for
anticipated claims in accordance with this Agreement. Without limiting
Amazon's rights to collect any amounts you owe, Amazon or Amazon Payments'
receipt of Sales Revenue discharges your obligation to pay applicable fees and
other amounts under this Agreement to the extent the Sales Revenue equals or
exceeds the fees and other amounts you owe and the Sales Revenue is applied to
the payment of those fees and amounts.

##  Credit Card Re-Tries and Grace Period

If we are initially unsuccessful in charging a customer's payment instrument
to complete a Transaction, we may make additional attempts to complete the
charge and grant customers a grace period to permit them to update their
payment information or instrument. You will continue to provide access to the
Product during any grace period. We will notify you at the end of the grace
period if we have been unable to successfully process the Transaction so that
you can terminate access to the Product.

##  Risk of Fraud or Loss

You will bear all risk of fraud or loss, including the risk of chargebacks or
credit card fraud associated with the sale of your Products. If we receive a
chargeback or determine a payment related to a Transaction was a result of
fraud, then you will promptly reimburse us for the total amount of any
applicable Sales Revenue previously paid to you, as well as all credit card
association, bank or other payment processing, re-presentment and/or penalty
fees associated with the original Transaction. We may in our sole discretion
withhold for investigation, refuse to process, stop or cancel any of your
Transactions. You will stop or cancel orders of your Products if we ask you to
do so. You will refund (or authorize Amazon to refund on your behalf) any
customer that has been charged for an order that we stop or cancel.

##  Your Funds

Your Sales Revenue will be held in a Seller Account with Amazon or Amazon
Payments and will represent an unsecured claim against Amazon or Amazon
Payments, respectively. Your Sales Revenue are not insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. Prior to disbursing funds to you, Amazon or
Amazon Payments may combine Sales Revenue held with the funds of other users,
invest them, or use them for other purposes permitted by applicable Laws . You
will not receive interest or any other earnings on any Sales Revenue. To the
extent required by applicable Laws , Amazon or Amazon Payments will not use
any funds held on your behalf for its corporate purposes, will not voluntarily
make the funds available to its creditors in the event of bankruptcy or for
any other purpose, and will not knowingly permit its creditors to attach those
funds.

##  Dormant Accounts

If there is no activity (as determined by Amazon or Amazon Payments) in
connection with your Seller Account for the period of time set forth in
applicable unclaimed property Laws and Amazon or Amazon Payments holds Sales
Revenue on your behalf, you will be notified (in whatever manner Amazon or
Amazon Payments designate) and provide you the option of keeping your Seller
Account open and maintaining the Sales Revenue in your Seller Account. If you
do not respond to the notice(s) within the time period specified therein, the
Sales Revenue in your Seller Account will be sent to your state of residency,
as determined based on the information in your Seller Account. If Amazon, or
Amazon Payments, is unable to determine your state of residency or your Seller
Account is associated with a foreign country, your funds may be sent to the
State of Delaware.

