---
title: Pest control products and pesticides
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202115120
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** If you supply products for sale in Amazon’s US store you must
comply with all federal, state, and local laws, and our policies applicable to
those products and product listings. Per our policy, only US residents can
sell pesticides and pesticide devices in the US. Complete the related
[Pesticide claims and
listings](/learn/courses?moduleId=bc46a58a-23f2-4f66-88e4-f581a8e1ccfd&ref_=su_refined_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=airy)
course on Seller University to learn what is and is not a pesticide or a
pesticide device, according to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
regulations and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act
(FIFRA).

In the US, pesticides and pesticide devices must comply with FIFRA and
applicable state and local laws, including [registration and labeling
requirements](https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration/labeling-
requirements). Pesticides and pesticide devices include the following:

  * Any product intended for preventing, destroying, repelling, or mitigating any pest
  * Any product that makes antimicrobial, antifungal, antibacterial, anti-mold, or pesticide claims

Common examples of conventional pesticides include:

  * Insecticides
  * Rodenticides
  * Herbicides
  * Fungicides
  * Repellants
  * Antimicrobial pesticides

Common examples of pesticide devices include:

  * Ultraviolet light units
  * Sound generators
  * Insect traps
  * Ground vibrators
  * Water-treatment units
  * Air-treatment units, including air-treatment filters

**I don't believe my product is a pesticide. Why was I sent here?**

Products that make any antimicrobial, antifungal, antibacterial, or other
pesticide claim (for example, products marketed to disinfect, repel insects,
remove allergens, or prevent bacteria) may be considered pesticides or
pesticide devices under EPA regulations. For more information, go to the EPA's
[Pesticides](https://www.epa.gov/pesticides) page.

**Pesticide claims**

A product can be classified by the EPA as a pesticide if the product claims,
states, or implies, even indirectly, that it can or should be used to prevent,
destroy, repel, mitigate, or take any other similar action against any kind of
pest. Examples of "pests" include insects, mold, bacteria, mites, mildew, and
animals. For US listings, this could appear anywhere in the detail page text,
on an image, or both.

Some common pesticide claims include:

  * Prevents, blocks, removes, neutralizes, or controls bacteria or other pests
  * Sanitizes, disinfects, or sterilizes
  * Resists mildew
  * Removes or prevents mold 

In addition to these common claims, there is a broad range of products that
the EPA identifies as pesticides due to the specific terms used in describing
the products. Here are a few examples of such claims:

  * A door knob that claims to resist bacteria
  * Socks or shoes that claim antimicrobial properties
  * A boat or automobile cover that claims to prevent mildew
  * A mattress that claims to be antibacterial
  * A dehumidifier that claims to mechanically prevent mold
  * A pillow case that claims to be resistant to dust mites
  * A "mildew-resistant" shower curtain

## Examples of permitted listings

Listing are permitted for pesticides and pesticide devices that comply with
FIFRA and all applicable state and local laws, including registration and
labeling requirements. To be eligible for sale in the US, all pesticides must
be labeled with a valid EPA registration number and an EPA establishment
number, or qualify for one of the exemptions. Pesticide devices must be
labeled with an EPA establishment number.

## Examples of prohibited listings

  * Unregistered pesticides (for example, insecticide chalk and _tres pasitos_)
  * Pesticide products and pesticide devices sold by non-US residents
  * Pesticide products not intended for sale in the US (these may look like recognized brands, but they don't have an EPA registration or establishment number)
  * Pesticide listings without EPA information in the **Pesticide marking** attribute
  * Pesticide devices that were manufactured in a location or facility other than an EPA-registered establishment, that lack a clearly visible EPA establishment number on the label, or that make false or misleading claims
  * Restricted-use pesticides, which are not available for purchase or use by the general public
  * Products labeled for professional use only
  * Products labeled for use by individuals or firms licensed or registered by the state to apply termiticide products
  * Products not registered with the EPA and all applicable state and local laws that make a pesticide claim, including those that may be subject to specific state registration requirements, unless subject to one of the limited exclusions below
  * Pesticide products that make false or misleading claims or are otherwise misbranded (for example, claims regarding the safety of the pesticide or its ingredients, such as “safe,” “non-poisonous," “non-injurious,” “harmless,” “non-toxic,” or “all natural”)
  * Pesticide products that make public health claims (for example, products marketed to control or mitigate any disease, infection, or pathological condition)
  * Mosquito repellent bracelets and stickers that are not approved brands per Amazon policy. Approved brands: Bugables, BugBand, BuggyBands, BuggyBeds, Cliganic, Coleman, Cutter, Evergreen Research, Mosquitno, Mosquito Guard, OFF!, Ortho, Para’Kito, Pic, Repel, RiptGear, Safer Brand, Sawyer, Scentpellent, Summit, Superband, Terro, and Thermacell
  * Pesticide products that are in broken packaging or are being sold in a quantity or amount different from what is listed on the label approved by the EPA.
  * Pesticide products intended for outdoor use on plants, crops, turfs, foliage, seeds, home yards and gardens, as soil treatments, or similar use that contain neonicotinoid insecticide chemicals including, but not limited to, acetamiprid, clothianidin, dinotefuran, imidacloprid, nitenpyram, mithiazine, thiacloprid, and thiamethoxam. These pesticides are considered either restricted-use or limited-use pesticide products and are prohibited for sale in the US store.
  * UV light units that make claims related to sterilization, regardless of the presence of an EPA establishment number or EPA ID registration number.

## Are any products excluded from EPA registration requirements?

Exclusions from EPA registration requirements are narrow and primarily apply
to:

  * Items treated with a pesticide that have been registered for that use and that don’t make any public health claims or pesticide claims beyond preservation of the article itself (for more information, go to the EPA requirements for [Consumer Products Treated with Pesticides](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/consumer-products-treated-pesticides))
  * Pesticide products made exclusively from a specific list of active and inert ingredients and that meet specific labeling and other requirements (for more information, go to the EPA's [Conditions for Minimum Risk Pesticides](https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-pesticides/conditions-minimum-risk-pesticides))
  * Human and animal drugs regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (for more information, go to [Drugs and drug paraphernalia](/help/hub/reference/G200164490))

Some pesticides may be hazardous materials and therefore ineligible for
Fulfillment by Amazon. For more information, go to the [Dangerous goods
identification guide (hazmat)](/help/hub/reference/G201003400).

## How to apply to sell these products in the US store

Approval from Amazon is required to sell these products. As per our policy,
only US residents are eligible to list pesticide products in the US, and you
must complete an online training course. For each pesticide product, an EPA
registration number must be provided.

**Qualify to sell pesticides**  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Catalog** and click **Add products**.
  2. Search for the product that you want to sell.
  3. In the search results, click the **Apply to sell** button to the right of the product.
  4. A new page will load. Click **Request approval** to start the application process.
  5. After you're redirected to Seller University, complete the training with an 80% or higher score. 
  6. Once you’ve passed the training, click **Continue** on the **Results** page and click **Exit the course**.
  7. Once redirected to the application workflow, check the box to agree to the Guaranty and click **Submit**.

**Remember:** You're required to complete the training prior to listing
pesticides in the US. You only need to pass this course once. When you’ve
completed the course, you must provide the EPA information for applicable
listings (see below).

## How to add EPA information to a listing

All listings of pesticides, pesticide devices, or products that make
pesticidal claims require you to input a [Pesticides
marking](/gp/help/GLX9EJX844SNJX7J) attribute.

You must provide a valid EPA registration number or an EPA establishment
number, as applicable, for each pesticide or pesticide device listing, or
specify that your product qualifies for an exemption.

Detailed instructions for adding the **Pesticide marking** attribute to new or
existing pesticide or pesticide device listings are available on the
[Compliance ID attribute – Pesticide
marking](/help/hub/reference/GLX9EJX844SNJX7J) page.

## Resources

To learn more about selling or supplying pesticides and pesticide devices in
the US, go to the [Pesticides Seller eLearning Course](https://pesticide-
seller.thinkingcap.com/), or go to the following links:

  * [Restricted products](/help/hub/reference/G200164330)
  * [General listing restrictions](/help/hub/reference/G201707070)
  * [Prohibited product claims](/help/hub/reference/G202024200)
  * EPA [Pesticide Registration Manual](https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration/pesticide-registration-manual)
  * EPA [Pesticide Devices: A Guide for Consumers](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/pesticide-devices-guide-consumers#2)
  * The full text of [FIFRA](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title7/html/USCODE-2011-title7-chap6-subchapII.htm)
  * EPA’s [summary of FIFRA](https://www.epa.gov/laws-regulations/summary-federal-insecticide-fungicide-and-rodenticide-act) and guidance on how to [Avoid Illegal Pesticide Products](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/avoid-illegal-household-pesticide-products)
  * EPA conditions for [Minimum Risk Pesticides](https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-pesticides/conditions-minimum-risk-pesticides)
  * EPA requirements for [Consumer Products Treated with Pesticides](https://www.epa.gov/safepestcontrol/consumer-products-treated-pesticides)
  * [Labeling Requirements](https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration/labeling-requirements) under FIFRA

## State regulations for pest control products and pesticides

  * [California Department of Pesticide Regulation (CDPR)](/help/hub/reference/GX2ZFS3DLL64ULGW)
  * [State pesticide registration](/help/hub/reference/GPTP4H6LKXXUDTZF)

