---
title: Potential Sales Lift
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GMJFAN8FZ6T4EYUY
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** Potential Sales Lift estimates are for reference only. They are not
a prediction of future sales and should in no way be interpreted as a
guarantee of future sales. Estimates cannot be summed across recommendations,
SKUs, or opportunities on the same SKU, as impacts from related
recommendations may overlap.

## What is Potential Sales Lift (PSL)?

Potential Sales Lift is a metric that helps you understand the value (in
sales) of taking an action, such as adding a missing detail page attribute to
your product listing or creating a Sponsored Products ad. Potential Sales Lift
can be represented by either an estimated percentage lift in incremental sales
or estimated incremental sales. More formally, Potential Sales Lift represents
the estimated incremental lift or increase in sales that other selling
partners received in the past when they took the recommended action.
"Incremental lift" or "incremental sales" refers to the sales increase a
selling partner observes above and beyond what they might have received if
they had not taken the action.

For a recommended action, a Potential Sales Lift estimate, such as Potential
90-day Sales Lift +$2,000 (20%), consists of three components:

  * The number of days over which the lift is calculated (for example, Potential 90-day Sales Lift)
  * The estimated lift in currency (for example, +$2,000)
  * The estimated lift as a percentage of sales (for example, 20%)

Less formally, we can illustrate Potential Sales Lift with an example.

For instance, if you saw "Potential 90-Day Sales Lift +$2,000 (20%)" on an A+
detail page recommendation, it would mean that when selling partners had added
A+ to their detail page in the past, the cohort of selling partners most
similar to you saw, on average, a 20% sales increase over what they might have
received had they not added A+ to their detail page.

"+$2,000" is an estimate of what a 20% incremental sales increase might have
amounted to on this SKU if you had added A+ 90 days ago. The "+$2,000" value
would be calculated by multiplying the estimated percentage lift from taking
the action (20%) by your trailing 90-day sales. For trailing 90-day sales of
$10,000, ($10,000)*(20%) = +$2,000.

## How is range defined?

When available, we may show a range for Potential Sales Lift, which tells you
that we are 95% confident that the true incremental sales fell within this
range when selling partners took the recommended action in the past. For
example, if you saw "Potential 90-Day Sales Lift +$2,000 (20%); Range: $1,500
(15%) - $2,500 (25%)", it would mean that when the cohort of Selling Partners
most similar to you added A+ to their detail page in the past, our best
estimate of the average lift realized by those Selling Partners is 20%, and we
are 95% confident that it was between 15% and 25%. The range is calculated
based on the 2.5th percentile (lower bound of range) and the 97.5th percentile
(upper bound of range) of offer impacts for the distribution of similar
offers. In this example, the 2.5th percentile would be $1,500, and the 97.5th
percentile would be $2,500.

## How is Potential Sales Lift calculated?

Potential Sales Lift uses aggregated historical data from selling partners
similar to you to calculate the potential impact to you of taking an action
(such as adding a missing detail page attribute). We compare all products in
aggregated cohorts of selling partners who did take the action to similar
cohorts who did not take the action to estimate the increase in sales
associated with taking that action. We apply the lift from your cohort to your
historical sales to estimate the lift you might see from taking this action.
We determine your cohort using attributes that describe your business, such as
the category or geographical region in which you sell.

## Is Potential Sales Lift validated?

Yes. Estimates undergo rigorous and continuous testing prior to publication
and are reevaluated frequently based on new data.

## When is Potential Sales Lift shown?

Potential Sales Lift is shown for eligible recommendations across a range of
Seller Central applications, such as, Homepage, Growth Opportunities, where
eligibility may be determined based on:

  * your eligibility for the program or recommendation , for example, whether you are eligible to create a Sponsored Products ad
  * whether the product has sufficient Gross Merchandise Sales (GMS) history to receive an estimate
  * whether we have sufficient historical data to estimate Potential Sales Lift for the program, recommendation, or geographical region.

**Note:** Eligibility criteria vary by recommendation.

## How can Potential Sales Lift help me?

Potential Sales Lift is a tool to help you prioritize which recommendations to
try first , based on estimated value. For example, Potential Sales Lift can
help you prioritize which catalog quality improvements to make first on which
SKUs.

## What is Potential Sales Lift Range?

When we have data, we show the Potential Sales Lift Range so you can
understand how your sales impact might be higher or lower than the impacts
experienced by selling partners in the past. The range consists of an upper
and lower bound. For selling partners who took this action in the past, 95% of
impacts fell between the lower bound and the upper bound.

