---
title: Potential duplicates and split variations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202105450
section: General Documentation
---

Duplicate ASINs and split variations make product search and purchasing
decisions difficult for customers. Creating duplicate ASINs or separating
ASINs of the same model in multiple families is a violation of Amazon’s
listing policies.

**Note:** We reserve the right to manage variation families on behalf of the
customer experience, including adding products that vary by key attributes
such as color or size, but share the same functionalities.

##  Potential duplicates

If you have ASINs in your inventory that match other ASINs on Amazon, you can
inspect them on the [Potential duplicates](/inventory?viewId=DUPLICATE) page
and avoid suppression by accepting or rejecting them as duplicates. Learn more
about [Suppressed listings](/gp/help/200898440).

To avoid suppression of your ASINs identified as potential duplicates, follow
these steps:  

  1. Go to **Inventory** > **Manage All Inventory** in Seller Central.
  2. Click **Potential duplicates** at the top of the page.
  3. Click the **Review duplicates** button for an ASIN.
  4. Read the instructions on the top of the page and review your ASIN with its potential duplicate.
  5. Select the appropriate button at the bottom of the page to confirm whether your ASIN is a duplicate or not.
  6. Repeat the process for remaining ASINs.

When Amazon identifies a potential duplicate ASIN, we will add the ASIN to the
**Potential duplicates** page in Manage Inventory. From the date an ASIN
starts showing up on the Potential Duplicates page, you have 30 days to review
and respond by following the steps above. If you do not provide a response on
an ASIN on the Potential Duplicates page within its 30-day grace period, the
ASIN will be suppressed from search as a duplicate. Once an ASIN is
suppressed, the ASIN will not show up on the Potential Duplicates page. You
can view all suppressed ASINs on the **Suppressed** page.

To reinstate an ASIN that has been suppressed as a duplicate, follow these
steps:  

  1. Go to **Inventory** > **Manage All Inventory** on Seller Central.
  2. Click **Suppressed** at the top of the page.
  3. Select any ASIN that says "click Review Duplicates to avoid suppression" in the **Issue(s) to fix** column to see ASINs with potential duplicates. You can also click **Duplicate** in the **Filters** to locate ASINs suppressed as duplicates.
  4. Click the drop-down icon next to **Edit** , and then click **Review duplicates**.
  5. Read the instructions on the top of the page and review your ASIN with its potential duplicate.
  6. Select the appropriate button at the bottom of the page to confirm whether your ASIN is a duplicate or not.
  7. Repeat the process for remaining ASINs.

To report other ASINs that are potential duplicates, see [Merge duplicate
product pages](/gp/help/201950590).

## Split variations

Amazon supports only one product detail page for a given unique product in
order to provide a positive shopping experience. In some cases, Amazon, or any
given seller may incorrectly create two sets of variations for the same model
of product, and that would be considered a split varition.

In order to correct the situation, you may request both sets of variations to
be combined under one single parent. This process is **_Not_** the same as
[Merge duplicate product pages](/gp/help/G201950590). Merge implies the fact
that there are two detail pages for the exact same product. Combining a
variation is when, for example, different sizes and colors for the same model
of product are separated in two (or more) parent ASINs, which causes multiple
details pages that could be grouped.

For example, for the model of show **_Cole Haan Men’s Nantucket 2.0 Penny
Loafer,_** there are two sets of families divided in two details pages:

  * One contains multiple sizes available for color _Cool Gray/Morning Fog_. But it also includes multiple other colors such as _Cement, Cement/Marine Blur/Cinnabar, Marine Blue, Cool Gray/Morning Fog_ , among others

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/Image1.png)  

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/Image2.png)  

  * And there is another family, which includes multiple sizes for colors _British Tan, Navy Textile/Tan, Black and Ivory Canvas/Ombre Blue_

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/Help/Image3.png)  
.

**Note:** The same color can be located in both variations, however, the sizes
will not be the same. As you can see in the images provided, for example, the
color Black appears in both sets of variations, however, one includes sizes 7
to 9, and the other family includes sizes 10 to 15.

These two sets of variations should be together for all the palette of colors
to be available to the customer in one single detail page. Therefore, a
combination of variations should be performed.

