---
title: Preferred Provider additions, removals and non-qualified
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6UTH32CFV7U5MYU
section: General Documentation
---

## Being added to the Preferred Provider model

Every week your performance metrics will be automatically reviewed on a
service area and profession level. If your business meets the performance
requirements for one of the enabled professions, your business will
automatically be added into the model.

When enlisted, your business will receive an email notification informing you
which service area(s) and profession(s) you've been added into the program
for. You will then start to receive jobs to claim prior to providers not in
the model. Keep in mind that you will stay in the model as you maintain your
performance over the bar.

## Being removed from the Preferred Provider model

If you have been opted into the model, and then fail to meet metric
requirements on any service area and profession level, you will be removed
from the model, and will no longer receive the benefits.

You'll receive an email notification letting you know which service areas and
professions you have been removed from in the model. At a later time, if you
meet the minimum performance bar, you can be added back into the Preferred
Provider model. Note that your account will not be affected in any other way.

## How am I affected if I'm not a Preferred Provider?

If your performance does not met the requirements to become a Preferred
Provider, you will still receive jobs to claim. Although Preferred Providers
will have the first right to claim new jobs, they may not be able to claim
every offer that comes in. Any unclaimed jobs will become available to those
sellers not enlisted. To improve your metrics and qualify for the model, be
sure to utilize every job you complete as an opportunity to improve your
metrics by delivering your best possible service.

**For More Information, please visit our Help Pages:**

  * [Preferred Provider model](/gp/help/GG5UCUP98QXA942F)
  * [Preferred Provider Eligibility](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G5WNM9ZZXVZDPKMR)
  * [Checking Performance](/gp/help/G2V2K3MY8UEMUYQD)

