---
title: Prepare your products for FBA shipping
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201021850
section: General Documentation
---

This page provides information about preparing your products for Fulfillment
by Amazon (FBA) shipping. For more details on product preparation requirements
and how to prepare common product types, go to [Packaging and prep
requirements](/gp/help/200141500).

Some products require specific preparation so they arrive at Amazon
fulfillment centers in the best condition. Prep guidance for many products is
available in step 1 of the Send to Amazon workflow. If you don't want to
prepare the products yourself, you may be able to have Amazon do it for you
for a per-item fee.

**Send/replenish inventory workflow steps:**

  

  1. Set quantity for shipments to Amazon
  2. Prepare your products for FBA shipping
  3. Label your products
  4. Review/view shipments to Amazon
  5. Prepare shipment to Amazon
  6. Summary of shipment process

**Important:** Determining the type of preparation required to ship your
products safely to Amazon is your responsibility, even if prep guidance for
your specific products is not available in the **Send/replenish inventory**
workflow.

##  FBA Prep service

If you want Amazon to prepare your products for you, select **Amazon** in the
**Who preps?** column. For more information about the per-item cost, see [FBA
Prep service](/gp/help/G201023020).

**Important:** FBA can prepare only products that have a single UPC or EAN
that corresponds to an ASIN in Amazon's product catalog.

Even if you sign up for the FBA Prep service, package your products so they
will arrive safely at the fulfillment center. Package fragile, glass, and
sharp items in such a way that they arrive intact and that fulfillment center
associates can handle them safely.

**Important:** If you do not select **Amazon** in the **Who preps?** column,
you are responsible for ensuring that your products meet all FBA prep
requirements for shipping.

##  Prep required

On Send to Amazon Step 1: Choose inventory to send, you can open **Packing
details** and click your product’s prep category to open the **Prepare your
FBA items** window. There you can see if your item has specific preparation
requirements or if you can edit your product’s prep guidance.

If you think the requirements for the product you have listed are not
appropriate or essential, click **Investigate** to start a review. In Send to
Amazon, click the **More Options** tab in the **Prepare your FBA Item**
window.

**Important:** Items that have not been prepared according to the requirements
will be subject to charges for unplanned prep services at the fulfillment
center. Learn more about [unplanned services fees](/gp/help/G201000230).

Prep requirements may include the following:

## Poly bagging

Products that require poly bagging should be completely sealed in a clear
polyethylene bag that is at least 1.5 mil thick. Make sure the barcode can be
scanned through the bag, or place a barcode label on the outside.

**Note:** Adult products must be packaged using black, opaque poly bagging or
shrink wrap. Bags that have an opening that measures more than 5 inches when
laid flat must have a suffocation warning printed on or affixed to them in a
prominent location and in a legible font size.

Poly bagging may be required in the following conditions:

  * To prevent leaks or spills from damaging other items in the shipment - usually for liquids and powders
  * To protect items from dust or dirt
  * To prevent loose items from being separated, such as individual items being sold as a set

For more information about specific product categories that may require poly
bagging, review the following help pages:

  * [Packaging pellets, powders, and granular products](/gp/help/G200280140)
  * [Packaging liquids, pastes, gels, and creams](/gp/help/G200280130)
  * [Packaging plush units](/gp/help/G200280170)
  * [Packaging apparel, fabric, and textiles](/gp/help/G200280180)
  * [Packaging jewelry](/gp/help/G200342040)
  * [Packaging small products](/gp/help/G200942930)
  * [Packaging baby products](/gp/help/G200954080)
  * [Packaging adult products](/gp/help/G200505410)
  * [Packaging plexiglas](/gp/help/G200492620)
  * [Packaging batteries](/gp/help/G201809280)
  * 

## Bubble wrap

Products that require bubble wrap must conform to the following:

  * Be tightly wrapped and taped shut so the product cannot fall out
  * Have a scannable barcode label on the outside
  * Be able to pass a 3-foot drop test on a hard surface without the contents breaking. A drop test consists of five drops:
    * Flat on base
    * Flap on top
    * Flat on longest side
    * Flat on shortest side
    * On a corner

Bubble wrap may be required because the item is one or more of the following:

  * Fragile and could be easily damaged during transit
  * Heavy or dense and could damage other items during transit

For more information, go to [Packaging glass, ceramic, breakable, and fragile
units](/gp/help/G200280160).

**Note:** Products that expire and are contained in packaging that requires
additional prep, such as glass jars or bottles, must be prepped to ensure that
fulfillment center associates can see the expiration date. For more
information, go to [Expiration dates on FBA products](/gp/help/G201003420).

## Overboxing

We may require overboxing when there are safety concerns over shipping and
handling. Overboxing generally involves placing a prepared or packaged product
in a box for added protection (even if the product is already boxed). For
products over 10 lb, use double-wall corrugated boxes for overboxing.

Overboxing is required for the following types of products:

  * Sharp items that may puncture packaging materials
  * Fragile items that failed a 3-foot drop test after bubble wrap was applied or that may be damaged during shipping and handling 
  * Hazardous liquids in glass containers over 4.2 oz
  * Vinyl records

## Hanger removal

Normal-size hangers usually must be removed. Mini-hangers for baby clothes are
allowed. The following items cannot be shipped on any kind of hanger:
accessories, bras, hats, shorts, socks, hosiery, sweaters, swimwear, and
underwear.

## Opaque bagging

Products that require opaque bagging should be completely sealed in a sturdy,
opaque bag or shrink wrap that completely obscures the content from view.

## Set creation

Units that are sets, such as a set of six, unique toy cars that are sold as
one unit, must be marked as sets on their packaging. Add a label to the unit
that clearly states that the products are to be received and sold as a single
unit. For example, "Sold as set," "Ready to ship," or "This is a set. Do not
separate."

## Double Seal

Product needs to have a secondary seal to prevent leakage in one of the
following types: Induction seal, Safety ring, Clips, Heat shrink plastic band,
Boxing. For more information, go to Definition of a double seal in [Packaging
liquids, pastes, gels, and creams](/gp/help/G200280130).

## Tape

Products with this requirement need additional taping beyond what might
normally be used to seal a box or poly bag or secure bubble wrap around an
item.

Extra taping may be required to prevent the following:

  * Item might fall out of its packaging if the container is not taped shut
  * Item might leak if the lid is not taped in place
  * Item needs tape to be fully sealed within the container

##  Prep may be required

Click the **Prep may be required** tab to see products for which prep guidance
is not available. This may be because the product has not been sent in before
or has not been classified as having a specific prep requirement.

If you know the prep required for those products, click **Choose category** in
the **Prep guidance** column, and from the drop-down list select the prep
category that best suits your product.

If your product does not require additional prep, you can select **No prep
required**.

The prep categories are as follows:

  * **[Baby products](/gp/help/G200954080)** : includes plush toys and other products for children 3 and under, such as teddy bears, pacifiers, and baby bottles. 
  * **[Sharp](/gp/help/G200280150)** : includes items that have sharp edges or are pointed, such as knives, scissors, and some tools. 
  * **[Fragile/glass](/gp/help/G200280160)** : includes items that can break or shatter, such as glassware, china, and picture frames.
  * **[Apparel on hanger](/gp/help/200280180)** : includes dresses, coats, and baby clothes.
  * **[Apparel, fabric, plush, and textiles](/gp/help/G200280180)** : includes products made of cloth or textiles, including apparel not on hangers, blankets, and linens. 
  * **[Small](/gp/help/G200942930)** : includes products smaller than 2⅛ inches on the longest side, such as jewelry, key chains, and flash drives.
  * **[Adult](/gp/help/G200505410)** : includes products displaying potentially offensive material, including explicit magazines and movies.
  * **[Liquids (nonglass)](/gp/help/G200280130)** : includes liquids or gels of more than 16 oz in plastic bottles or jars, such as liquid soap, sprays, and lotions. Treat liquids in glass bottles or jars as fragile.
  * **[Powder, pellets, and granular](/gp/help/G200280140)** : includes powders, scented home products, and powdered detergents.
  * **[Perforated packaging](/gp/help/G201003440)** : includes display case-packed items such as candy displays or granola bars.
  * **[Sold as Set](/gp/help/G200141500)** : includes bundled items, multi-packs, toy sets, and cases of bottled drinks.
  * **No prep needed** : includes case-packed items that do not have perforated packaging and are sold as a single unit inside a case.

