---
title: Prepare for the Holiday Season
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G8ZDWEJB9Z9YPFQ8
section: General Documentation
---

During the holiday season season, you may experience an increase in sales
volume. We compiled a list of best practices to help you prepare and
successfully manage your seller-fulfilled orders during the holiday season.

**Note:** Even if you do not have a deal planned for the holiday season,
assume that you will receive higher than normal volumes as a result of
increased traffic to Amazon. For more information, go to [Guide to seasonal
promotions](/learn/courses?moduleId=33b24db7-f2e2-4be3-b31e-9f3efa5977c2&sid=SU-
SEARCH-
ce340ecb-b6c6-4fcc-b85c-dfb71d2747ea&ref_=su_search&modLanguage=English).

## Prepare for the holiday season Sales Volume - Best practices

**Track your Performance**

You must meet the following requirements to maintain your account eligibility:

  * Maintain good account health by ensuring you are sending out packages and confirming shipment in Seller Central on or before the promised ship by date to avoid late shipments, invalid tracking, late deliveries, and cancellations. Ensure you are regularly monitoring your [performance metrics](/performance/dashboard). 
  * For the SKUs where you offer Premium Shipping, you can check your performance metrics on the [Premium Shipping Options dashboard](/performance/eligibilities).
  * Buy shipping labels with [Amazon Buy Shipping](/gc/sell-online/amazon-buy-shipping), and get account protection for delivery issues while using either Amazon’s pre-negotiated rates or [your own connected carrier rates](/carrier-preferences/main).
  * If you buy shipping labels outside of Amazon Buy Shipping, when confirming orders, choose carriers from the drop-down menu that are integrated with Amazon. These carriers provide real-time tracking status to Amazon. Verify that the carrier’s name, shipping service, and tracking ID are entered correctly and belong to the same carrier when you confirm a shipment. Ensure that the carrier has scanned your package. 

**Manage your orders closely**

Monitor your orders closely and update your [notification
settings](/notifications/preferences/ref=xx_notifpref_dnav_xx) to align with
your preferences, considering the frequency, urgency, communication channels,
specific and order criteria.

Check your Seller app and Seller Central account frequently for orders, and
fulfill new orders daily. Do not rely solely on "Sold, ship now" emails to let
you know you have orders.

Do not ship orders in the pending status. Those orders are still being
processed for payment verification and may not pass our verification process.

Avoid returns & refunds by canceling orders that have a buyer cancellation
request that was submitted before you shipped the product. You can filter out
orders with buyer requested cancellations from the [Manage
orders](/orders-v3/mfn/unshipped?) page **Unshipped** tab. You can click "Show
filters" to open the filtering pane and then under the section of "Pending
Action" you can check the box called "**Buyer Requested Cancel** " to filter
orders that have a Buyer Requested Cancellation. Buyer requested cancellations
are also visible on the Amazon seller App and via APIs ([SP-API Notifications
API](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/notifications-
api-v1-reference)).

**Check your inventory regularly**

[Update your
inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_xx?tbla_myitable=sort:%7b%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7d;search:;pagination:1;)
so customers cannot place orders for out-of-stock items, especially if you
sell in multiple channels. Ensure you have enough inventory to fulfill your
sales and avoid order cancellations due to inventory shortage. For more
information on how to manage your inventory, go to [Seller
University](/learn/courses?moduleId=497&sid=SU-
SEARCH-75d25549-d515-4645-8886-ccdffb797eb2&ref_=su_search&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube).

**Staffing and handling time**

Review your staffing plans to ensure you have enough capacity to ship during
the holiday season.

Be prepared for an increase in order volume during key sales periods,
including the run-up to the holiday season.

Configure your [Order Handling Capacity](/sbr/handlingTime/edit) to have an
additional day of Handling Time when your limit is reached.

**Streamline your shipping and fulfillment**

**Provide great customer service**

Buy shipping labels with [Amazon Buy Shipping](/gc/sell-online/amazon-buy-
shipping) and get account protection for delivery issues while using either
Amazon’s pre-negotiated rates, or [your own connected carrier rates](/carrier-
preferences/main).

Review your [shipping
templates](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#shipping_templates) and ensure that you
can comply with the transit time set on the shipping templates

Enable [Shipping settings automation](/gp/help/G8WRJF2N5B787XKQ) on your
shipping templates to create more accurate delivery dates based on each
customer’s location, your warehouse location, and up-to-date carrier
performance for your preferred shipping services.

Ship orders before the "Expected Ship Date" when possible. Hand over packages
the same day you buy shipping labels and ensure that your carriers provide
first scans the same day.

[Update your
inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_xx?tbla_myitable=sort:%7b%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7d;search:;pagination:1;)
so customers cannot place orders for out-of-stock items

Monitor the progress of your orders in transit and immediately inform
customers of any delays

If you cannot manage your account for any reason you can temporarily [remove
your open listings](/hz/account-info/vacation-settings)from the Amazon stores
to prevent orders from coming in.

**Handle returns, refunds, and A-to-z Guarantee claims**

Address A-to-z claims and service chargebacks promptly. Check your A-to-z
claim pages daily, and proactively resolve any issues. To help prevent being
held responsible for the reimbursement of a claim, follow our [Selling
policies and seller code of conduct](/gp/help/G1801). For more information
about A-to-z claims, go to [Respond to an A-to-z guarantee
claim](/gp/help/G1781).

