---
title: Pricing Health
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/STH6YN3BR8XNWBW
section: General Documentation
---

You are responsible for setting your own prices in Amazon’s store. Amazon then
decides which (if any) offer to highlight for customers by selecting that
offer as the Featured Offer and will not feature offers that do not meet its
criteria for a great customer experience. Amazon provides the Pricing Health
tool to help you make informed pricing decisions. Pricing Health provides an
overview of inactive offers with potential pricing errors, offers that are
currently ineligible to become the Featured Offer and offers that are close to
the Featured Offer price.

The Inactive Offers tab lists all offers currently deactivated because of
potential pricing errors. Amazon detects potential pricing errors based on
several factors including our [Amazon Store Fair Pricing
Policy](/gp/help/G5TUVJKZHUVMN77V) or limits you have set. For example, we
identify cases where your offer price is lower than the minimum price you
previously set. When Amazon detects potential pricing errors in your listings,
we will notify you, and deactivate the affected listings to avoid a
potentially negative customer experience. To help resolve this pricing issue
and reactivate your offer, consider revising your price inputs in Pricing
Health in line with reference prices and in accordance with Amazon’s
Marketplace Fair Pricing policy.

The Pricing Opportunities tab lists:

  * All offers currently ineligible to be a [Featured Offer](/gp/help/G37911) on the product detail page because they are not priced competitively compared to other retailers outside of Amazon (the Competitive External Price) or they are priced significantly higher than recent prices observed in Amazon's store or outside. To become eligible for Featured Offer:
    * When offers are not competitive, consider setting your offer's total price (price + shipping) at or below the Competitive External Price. 
    * When offers are priced higher than recent prices, consider setting your offer’s total price (price + shipping) in line with the reference prices.
    * Or, consider enrolling in [Automate Pricing](/automatepricing/home/ref=xx_mars_dnav_xx), which helps you stay price competitive by automatically adjusting your prices within the parameters you set in real time.
  * Offers currently eligible to be the Featured Offer and priced within 5% of the Featured Offer price. You can improve your chances of being the Featured Offer by considering setting your offer’s total price (price + shipping) so that it matches or is lower than the current Featured Offer price.

**Note:** Reference prices can include:

  * The Featured Offer price
  * The 60-day average selling price
  * The highest 14-day price (shipped and sold by Amazon)
  * The product’s list price
  * The price derived from the per-unit Featured Offer price for a smaller bundle of the same product
  * Typical Price
  * The 60-day average offer price

For most pricing opportunities, we provide a default action in the Action
column. You can address these pricing opportunities in one click by selecting
the default action. You can also explore other one-click actions using the
Action button dropdown, adjust price directly via the price columns, or choose
to not take any action. Additionally, you can download a file of your pricing
opportunities by clicking the **Request download** button, then clicking the
**Download** button in the resulting table.

Providing a great customer experience is essential to successful selling in
the Amazon store. To give customers the best possible shopping experience,
consider offering competitive prices and ensuring your offers are not priced
significantly higher than recent prices in or outside Amazon’s store.

## Frequently asked questions

**I received a message that one of my items is not eligible to be a Featured
Offer on the Product Detail page. What does this mean?**

We notify you when your offer becomes ineligible to be a Featured Offer on the
product detail page. This happens when your total price (price + shipping) is
above the Competitive External Price when we have one available, or otherwise
when your total price (price + shipping) is significantly higher than recent
prices.

For your offer to be eligible to be a Featured Offer on the product detail
page, consider pricing your offers competitively and confirming you meet these
[eligibility criteria](/gp/help/G200418100).

**How can I act on a pricing opportunity from the Pricing Opportunities tab?**

If you choose to action a pricing opportunity, there are a few ways you can do
so. First, you can choose to take the default action via the one-click button
in the Action column. Or, you can explore the additional one-click actions by
clicking the dropdown on the Action button. You can also complete manual price
updates by setting prices in the Your price + shipping and Minimum and maximum
price columns, or enroll in Automate Pricing via the Automate Pricing status
column.

Note that one-click match actions will apply to your minimum price, in
addition to your price, in cases where the match price is less than your
current minimum price. This prevents a pricing error where your price is less
than your minimum price.

**Why does the Action column show a disabled Save button for some pricing
opportunities on the Pricing Opportunities tab?**

For some pricing opportunities, we are unable to provide a one-click action
that will address the pricing opportunity. These opportunities will be shown
with a disabled Save button by default. To take action on these pricing
opportunities, review the opportunity type and make manual price edits in the
price columns to enable the Save button.

**Can I download my pricing opportunities?**

Yes. Download is available for all pricing opportunities surfaced on the
Pricing Opportunities tab – offers that are not eligible to be the Featured
Offer and offers that are close to the Featured Offer price. To download your
pricing opportunities:  

  1. Click **Request download of all opportunities** to generate a file including all of your pricing opportunities, up to 50k, or click the button dropdown to **Request download of filtered opportunities** to generate a file of your pricing opportunities with the filters you currently have selected on the pricing opportunities table applied.
  2. An entry will be added to the Downloads table, with a Report status of In progress.
  3. Once the file is ready, Report status will update to show a **Download** button. Click the **Download** button to download your file of pricing opportunities.

Note that the third row of the file contains immutable keys that you can
leverage to programmatically use the file, if desired.

**I've downloaded my pricing opportunities. How can I update price for those
offers?**

If you would like to update prices in bulk, you can **Update price &
quantity** via the **Add Products via Upload** page.

**What is the Competitive External Price?**

The Competitive External Price is the lowest price for an item, or items that
customers may consider to be equivalent, recently found at another reputable
retailer outside of the Amazon store. While we do not reveal the names of the
retailers we check, this list is reviewed regularly to ensure these retailers
are relevant to customers for each country and product group.

Here are some examples of Competitive External Price:

  * We may use the product price of a $10.99 garlic press found at a reputable retailer outside Amazon as the Competitive External Price for that same product in our store.
  * We may use the per unit price of a 6-pack of hand sanitizer found at a reputable retailer outside Amazon to compute the Competitive External Price for a 12-pack of the same product in our store. In this case, we would multiply the per-unit price available outside Amazon by 12 to adjust for the different pack sizes.
  * We may also use the product price of that garlic press as the Competitive External Price for products that customers may consider to be equivalent because they have near-identical attributes (such as size, shape, design, material, specifications, and features), but with a different brand name.

**What is the average selling price?**

The average selling price of a product is calculated based on the prices at
which customers have bought in the Amazon store in the last 60 days weighted
by units sold. Prices and quantity sold during promotions (for example, Best
Deals, Lightning Deals) are excluded. However, prices set via “Sale Price” are
included.

**What is the price by Amazon?**

The price by Amazon is the highest price listed for the product in the last 14
days that is shipped and sold by Amazon.

**What is the per-unit derived price?**

The per-unit derived price is the price per unit of the Featured Offer from a
smaller bundle of the same product, multiplied by number of units in your
listing.

**What is the product’s list price?**

The list price is the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a
manufacturer, supplier, or seller. In the United States, the Manufacturer’s
Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) is a list price. Amazon may use the product’s
list price to help determine whether Amazon will choose to feature an offer,
considering that products are usually not sold for more than the list price.

If you provide a list price for a product, ensure that its value is accurate
and up to date. If you submit a list price with a value of 0, it indicates you
do not have a list price, so we will not consider it when assessing offer
prices.

For more information on list price, go to [Amazon Policy on Reference
Prices](/gp/help/202170370).

**What is the Typical Price?**

Refer [Strike-Through Pricing and
Savings](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GQ6B6RH72AX8D2TD)
for the definition of Typical Price.

**What is the average offer price?**

The average offer price of a product is the mean offer price each week,
averaged over the last 60 days. Note that this is different than average
selling price as it considers the price at which a product was offered, versus
the price at which customers bought.

**Why does the Pricing Health page have no applicable reference prices
shown?**

We display reference prices such as the Featured Offer price, average selling
price, price by Amazon, the product’s list price, Typical Price, or average
offer price to help inform your pricing decisions. For some products, we do
not have those reference prices available to show.

**Do you have any Automate Pricing rules to ensure that my offers remain
competitive?**

Yes, [Automate Pricing](/automatepricing/home/) has several pricing rules that
can automatically keep your offers competitive as prices change on and off
Amazon. Start by enrolling your SKUs in the pre-defined Competitive Price
Rule, which is configured to always match the Competitive External Price or
the Featured Offer price, whichever is lower. Or set up more customized
pricing rules based on your specific needs, so you don’t have to revisit the
SKU every time you want to change your price. For more information, see [Pre-
defined Automate Pricing Rules](/gp/help/GT23CNJUTWXGLK7A) and [Create a
pricing rule](/gp/help/G201995750).

**How do I keep my offers competitive if I use third-party repricing services
or Selling Partner API (SP-API)?**

The Competitive External Price, Featured Offer price, and suggested lower
price are published through our APIs. The AnyOfferChanged notification
provides this data through the CompetitivePriceThreshold element, BuyBoxPrice
element, and SuggestedLowerPricePlusShipping element, respectively. Ask your
repricer for more information on how you can stay competitive.

**Where can I find more information on my Featured Offer percentage?**

The Featured Offer percentage captures how often your listings have been the
Featured Offer, based on page views. It's calculated by dividing the total
page views in which your listings are the Featured Offer by the total page
views received by all products you list. Only active items are considered. To
see your Featured Offer percentage and additional information such as trends
over time, visit [Business Reports](/business-
reports/ref=xx_sitemetric_dnav_xx#/dashboard) and the Detail Page Sales and
Traffic reports. Specifically, you can see a graph by navigating to the By
Date Detail Page Sales and Traffic report, clicking the down arrow on Featured
Offer Percentage column header, and then selecting Add to Graph.

**Where can I find more information on my sales conversion rate?**

Sales conversion rate is calculated as total orders of your products (minus
returns) divided by the total page views received on the products you list. To
see your sales conversion rate and related metrics, visit [Business
Reports](/business-reports/ref=xx_sitemetric_dnav_xx#/dashboard) and the Sales
and Traffic report, and view the Order Item Session Percentage metric.

