---
title: Price discounts
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G7F8CQ4EJ5YA4272
section: General Documentation
---

## About Price Discounts

A price discount is a time-bound campaign in which you can offer discounted
prices on your products for up to 30 days and on a limited number of units.
For example, you can create a price discount specifically for Prime customers.
You can also create price discount for all customers. Price discounts for
products with a validated reference price will appear with a strike-through
price in search results and on the product detail page. For more information,
go to [Amazon Policy on Reference
Prices](/help/hub/reference/external/G202170370).

There's no fee to offer a price discount during non-event days. There is a fee
for each price discount that runs during events, such as Prime Day, Prime Big
Deal Days, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday. For more information, go to [Price
discount fee](/help/hub/reference/external/GVZXV3WZFCBR3VL2).

The Primary user of your Seller Central account will have access to price
discounts by default. To grant access to secondary users of your account, go
to [Manage rights](/account/permissions#/overview/users/view) under global
user permissions.

## Benefits

The [Price Discounts tool](/discounts) offers the following features:

  * **Set a duration.** Price discounts can run between 1 to 30 consecutive days. The discounted price will automatically go live and end on the dates you specify.
  * **Set a budget.** Budget capabilities allow you to easily offer discounted prices on a limited number of units that you set. When you create a price discount, you can enter the number of units to offer at the discounted price. Once you sell through the committed number of units, the price will automatically revert to the regular price.
  * **Increase conversion.** Price discounts may help you increase conversion and sell through inventory, including inventory on seasonal products at the end of the season.
  * **Help product discovery.** Price discounts may help drive additional customer discovery and sales, both during and after the discount has run. 
  * **View performance.** While your price discount is running and after it ends, gain insight into the impact it had with access to performance metrics such as sales, units sold, glance views, conversion rate, and sell-through rate.

## Eligibility criteria

To be eligible for price discounts, you must be a professional seller with at
least a 3.5 seller feedback rating.

**Eligible products**

To give customers the best possible shopping experience, only products that
meet certain criteria will be eligible for price discounts. The criteria may
change for particular events, and when that is the case, the new criteria will
be displayed in the [Price Discounts tool](/discounts).

The following criteria apply at all times:

  * Products must have at least a 3-star rating
  * Products must be in new condition
  * Discount must meet the following:
    * At least 5% off the 30-day lowest price bought by customers
    * the 30-day lowest price bought by customers
    * At least 5% off the current price
    * At least 5% off the reference price for products with a validated reference price. Products without a validated reference price will not display a strike-through price or savings to customers
  * Adult products, [restricted products](/gp/help/G200164330), or otherwise offensive products are not allowed
  * For Prime Exclusive Discounts, products must have a validated reference price, in order to show a savings comparison. For more information, go to [Amazon Policy on Reference Prices](/gp/help/G202170370).
  * Additional eligibility criteria for seller-fulfilled offers: 
    * Your account must have a late shipment rate, and it must not exceed 4.%.
    * Your account must have an order defect rate, and it must not exceed 1%.
    * Your account must have a pre-fulfillment cancellation rate, and it must exceed 0.5%.
    * Your disbursement reserve policy must be set to seven days or more after delivery.
    * The item must be shipped for free. 

