---
title: Prime Exclusive Discount FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPXVNNG52W63SFGK
section: General Documentation
---

## Can I schedule a discount even when some products are invalid?

Yes. You can submit a discount for scheduling even if there are some products
which are still not valid.

**Note:** Only the products with status **Ready to Submit** and **Ready to
Delete** will be submitted. You can always return to the **Review** page to
edit or delete the invalid products.

## Some products in my Prime Exclusive Discount got suppressed. What does it
mean?

This means that the Prime Exclusive Discount for the product has been removed
temporarily. At the time of submission and even after submission, we
periodically check whether products on which a discount is offered meet or
continue to meet the eligibility criteria. Suppression of discount indicates
that your product has stopped fulfilling one or more of the eligibility
criteria for Prime Exclusive Discount. The Prime Exclusive Discount for your
product will be automatically reactivated if a later check finds your
suppressed product meeting eligibility criteria again.

## Why did the discount get suppressed although it was valid earlier?

At the time of submission of a discount and thereafter, we periodically check
whether products on which a discount is offered meets or continue to meet the
eligibility criteria. The discount on a product not meeting the eligibility
criteria will be suppressed.

## How much is the fee to set up a Prime Exclusive Discount?

There is no fee to offer a Prime Exclusive Discount during non-event days.
There is a $50 fee for each Prime Exclusive Discount that runs during events,
such as Prime Day, Prime Big Deal Days, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday. For
more information, go to [Prime Exclusive Discount
fee](/gp/help/GVZXV3WZFCBR3VL2).

## What types of Prime Exclusive Discount are available?

Prime Exclusive Discount can either be set-up as percentage-off, target-price,
or amount-off. You can provide a minimum discounted price floor for each
product, which will ensure that the Prime discounted price is suppressed if it
falls below the minimum discounted price.

## How soon can a Prime Exclusive Discount start?

You will be able to select the date and time for the promotion to start on the
promotion creation page. If your start date is today, then the discount may
take up to 2 hours to go live. In rare circumstances, updates may be delayed
for up to 24 hours due to system latency.

## I am not seeing Prime Exclusive Discount in the product detail page
although I have already submitted it.

Prime Exclusive Discount can take up to two hours to propagate. If you do not
find your discount even after two hours from start time, then below could be
the reasons:  

  1. Your product might not be winning the Featured Offer.
  2. The SKU has been suppressed for other reasons.

Check **More Buying Choice** section of the ASIN. If you do not find your
discount in **More Buying Choices** and the SKU does not have an active Sale
Price, then the discount on your SKU might have been suppressed for other
reasons. For more information, go to [Prime Exclusive Discount](/prime-
discounts) in Seller Central.

## Why is the Discount Price in the detail lower than the discount I had
specified when scheduling the discount?

Creating multiple promotions and discounts on the same product can result in
customers combining them for significant discounts. Review your products
carefully before scheduling.

## I have made a mistake while creating the discount and I have already
submitted the discount. How do I fix the discount?

You can always edit a discount or remove or add products to a discount. For
more information, go to [Edit a Prime Exclusive
Discount](/gp/help/GYPA73ZU4JXU4NX7).

## What happens to a Prime Exclusive Discount if I change the regular price
(that is, your price in Manage Your Inventory page) of a participating
product?

The discounted price of the product will automatically be adjusted by the
percentage-off or amount-off you indicated while scheduling the discount. If
the resulting adjusted price is below the minimum discounted price that you
mentioned while scheduling, then the Prime Exclusive Discount will be
suppressed. Your productâ€™s regular offer will not be affected.

## How do I reactivate a suppressed Prime Exclusive Discount for a product?

The Prime Exclusive Discount for your product will be automatically
reactivated if a later check finds that your suppressed product meets the
eligibility criteria again. Separately, you can edit the details of the
product to fix any issue that triggered suppression.

## How can I check the status of my Prime Exclusive Discounts?

You can view the status of your saved Prime Exclusive Discounts from the
**Prime Exclusive Discounts** page in Seller Central. Your discount will have
one of the three statuses below:

  * **Scheduled:** All submitted SKUs are validated and the discount is submitted. There is no action needed from you.
  * **Needs attention:** Either your discount is not submitted yet or if your discount was submitted, then one or more of the submitted discounts are in suppressed stage.
  * **Expired:** Your discount has ended.

## How do I download a report?

To download a report, go to the **Prime Exclusive Discount** page on Seller
Central. Choose **Download report** under **View details** from the action
cell that corresponds to the discount for which you want to download a report.

## One of my products in a Prime Exclusive Discount is in an overlapping
Lightning Deal or Deal of the Day for only 4 hours. Will the discount on my
product get suppressed for those 4 hours only?

The discount on the product will get suppressed up to 8 hours before the start
of the Lightning Deals or Deal of the Day. It can take up to 4 hours after the
Deal ends for the product to reactivate.

**Note:** Running a Prime Exclusive Discount will impact the maximum Deal
Price of Lightning Deals for a product.

## Some of my products are in a regular promotion. Will the Prime Exclusive
Discount stack over regular promoted price?

Yes, the Prime Exclusive Discount will get combined with an overlapping
regular promotion or coupon.

##  Can I add products to a discount after the discount creation deadline for
events such as Prime Day, Black Friday?

No, you can't add products in this case, but you can edit your already
submitted discounts.

## Why is my product status invalid?

Your product status can be "invalid" for Prime Exclusive Discount for one or a
combination of the following reasons:

  * Product rating is lower than minimum threshold
  * Product is not Prime Shipping eligible for all regions within the country
  * Product pricing is managed by Automated Pricing
  * Product is part of the product categories where Prime Exclusive Discount is not allowed
  * Product is part of a separate overlapping deal or Prime Exclusive Discount

## Why is my discount status "Needs Attention?"

Your discount's status can be **Needs attention** for one or a combination of
the following reasons:

  * You created a discount, but never uploaded any SKUs to be scheduled.
  * You uploaded and submitted one or more SKUs, however the **Review** page still contains one or more SKUs. You can navigated to the **Review** page by clicking **View details** and then click **Review** page.
  * You have submitted all SKUs, but one or more of these SKUs are suppressed due to some errors.

