---
title: Prime Launches program terms
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBJGLGMYML2BRNGV
section: General Documentation
---

These Prime Launches program terms supplement your [seller
agreement](/gp/help/1791).

## Application

Approval is required to participate in the Prime Launches program. To apply,
contact your account manager. Approvals are provided at the ASIN level, and
each new ASIN (or child ASIN) you may wish to include in the Prime Launches
program must be individually approved and will be subject to these terms.
Approval for any one ASIN (or child ASIN) at any time does not guarantee
approval for any subsequent ASINs. All approvals to participate in the Prime
Launches program are at our sole discretion and are subject to compliance with
these terms.

## The Prime Launches program

The Prime Launches program helps eligible sellers merchandise and increase
customer awareness of their branded products by showcasing new items or
special edition products to Prime customers through dedicated channels on our
website and special marketing campaigns throughout the year, including during
certain peak periods, such as holiday and Prime Day (all such activity,
collectively, the “Prime Launch Marketing”). The scope, execution,
presentation, and all other aspects of the Prime Launch Marketing will be
determined by us in our sole discretion.

## Prime Launches program requirements

Participating products sold under the program (each a “Prime Launch Product”)
must adhere to each of the following requirements in order to be participate
in the Prime Launch program and be featured in the Prime Launch Marketing:  

  1. Each Prime Launch Product will be first released on Amazon on the date specified in writing (including by email) by your account manager, and will not be publicly available for sale anywhere worldwide before such date;
  2. Beginning when a Prime Launch Product is first released pursuant to paragraph 1 above and ending 30 days thereafter (the “Prime Exclusivity Window”), each Prime Launch Product will be available exclusively to Prime members and sold only through Amazon stores;
  3. Until the earlier of (i) the date on which a Prime Launch Product is first released pursuant to paragraph 1 above and (ii) the date on which Amazon first announces the planned availability of a Prime Launch Product through Prime Launch Marketing, you will not, unless otherwise permitted in writing (including by email) by Amazon (x) advertise, market, or otherwise publicly disclose that you are participating in the Prime Launches program or that any Prime Launch Product will be available through the Prime Launches program, or (y) otherwise associate any Prime Launch Product with the Prime Launches program in any way; and
  4. During the Prime Exclusivity Window, on worldwide basis, you will: (i) not sell or distribute, directly or through a third party other than Amazon, any Prime Launch Products through any channel, without Amazon’s prior written consent (including by email); (ii) not grant any party other than Amazon the right to sell or distribute any Prime Launch Products through any channel, without Amazon’s prior written consent (including by email); (iii) use your commercially reasonable efforts to prohibit any party other than Amazon from distributing or selling Prime Launch Products through any channel; and (iv) ensure that Prime Launch Products are only fulfilled using the Fulfillment by Amazon service or Seller Fulfilled Prime.

## Additional terms

You acknowledge and agree that you, not Amazon, are the designer and/or
manufacturer of the Prime Launch Products. You will be solely responsible for
the design, testing, and manufacture of the Prime Launch Products. Under no
circumstances will Amazon be deemed to be the manufacturer or designer of any
Prime Launch Products.

Any Amazon trademarks, logos, or badges that appear on any Amazon sites
(including on product detail pages for Prime Launch Products), such as Prime
Launches logos, are property of Amazon and may not be used, copied or
displayed by you (including on any product images uploaded to any Amazon site)
without Amazon’s written consent.

We may in our sole discretion waive, suspend, or terminate any feature of the
Prime Launches program, or your participation therein, at any time.

