---
title: Product image requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G1881
section: General Documentation
---

Images are an important part of selling products on Amazon. They make it
easier for customers to evaluate and learn about your product. For detailed
steps on how to upload images, go to [Upload images in Image
Manager](/help/hub/reference/GUGPCYWV2P8KVFUT).

We’ve created technical and content requirements for images to ensure that
customers see accurate, helpful, and high-quality images. When you upload your
image files, we check them to confirm that they meet the technical
requirements. Files that don’t meet these requirements won’t be uploaded. When
images are received from multiple selling partners, we will select the images
that best align with the image requirements to provide the best customer
experience.

If your images don’t meet the content requirements or they violate the
[Selling policies and seller code of conduct](/help/hub/reference/G1801), we
may remove them. If any image does not meet the requirements, we may suppress
the product listing from search until you provide compliant images. In some
cases, we may also change the position of or modify the images to meet the
requirements.

**Note:** An ASIN must represent only one product, and must represent the same
product in every store. It is a violation to change a detail page for a new
product or version. For more information, go to [Product detail page
rules](/help/hub/reference/G200390640).

## Technical requirements

Every product on Amazon must have at least one image. We prioritize images
larger than 1,000 pixels on the longest side to allow for zoom, which has been
shown to enhance sales. We also prefer that images are provided in the JPEG
file format. We recommend having at least six images and one video of the
product.

All images must meet the following requirements:

  * 500 to 10,000 pixels on their longest side
  * Provided in JPEG (.jpg or .jpeg), TIFF (.tif), PNG (.png), or non-animated GIF (.gif) file formats
  * Clear with no pixelation or jagged edges

## Main product images

We call the first image on the detail page the "main image." This image is
also shown to customers in search results.

Your main product image must meet the following requirements:

  * Accurately represent the product as a realistic, professional-quality image, including quantity and color.
  * No placeholders: This includes a temporary placeholder, since the first image uploaded defines the product identity. Using a temporary placeholder can cause your intended image to be blocked from upload.
  * Have a pure white background (RGB color values: 255, 255, 255) to create a consistent shopping experience for customers across search and product detail pages. 
    * There is a limited number of product types where we allow for a lifestyle image (with no text or extra logos). For more information, go to the [Product page style guide](/gp/help/external/G200270100).
  * Show the product as 85% of the image.
  * No text, logos, borders, color blocks, watermarks, or other graphics covering the product or in the background. Products with multiple pieces must be relative in size, with no one piece enlarged.
  * Show the entire product within the frame of the image, not cutting off any part
  * Don’t show accessories or any props that aren’t included with purchase and might confuse the customer.
  * Only show the product once in the image, for example, front only, and not both the front and the back in the same image.
  * Show only one unit of the product and any accessories that are included in the purchase. For multipacks or assortments, read further guidance in the **Product category** section below.
  * Don’t include packaging, unless it’s an important product feature, for example, a carrying case or gift basket may be included.
  * Don’t show any part of a mannequin, regardless of the mannequin’s appearance. This includes being clear, solid-color, flesh-toned, framework, or on a hanger.
  * Show a single shoe, facing left, at a 45-degree angle (applies to all footwear).
  * Show clothing accessories or multipacks flat, with no model.
  * Show on a model if the product is clothing in adult sizes. The model must be standing, not sitting, kneeling, leaning, or lying down. However, we encourage representing various physical mobilities and models who use assistive technology, such as wheelchairs and prosthetics.

## All product images

All product images, main or otherwise, must meet the following requirements:

  * Accurately represent the product you are selling.
  * Match the product’s title.
  * No nudity or sexually suggestive images. This includes both models and drawings.
  * Show children’s clothing flat with no model.
  * No images of customer reviews, five-star imagery, claims (for example, free shipping), or selling partner-specific information
  * No text or pricing details (Swatch only)
  * No Amazon logos or trademarks, variations, modifications, or anything confusingly similar to Amazon's logos and trademarks. This includes, but is not limited to, any words or logos with the terms "Amazon," "Prime," "Alexa," or the Amazon Smile design.
  * No badges used on Amazon, or variations, modifications, or anything confusingly similar to such badges. This includes, but is not limited to "Amazon's Choice," "Premium Choice," "Amazon Alexa," "Works with Amazon Alexa," "Best seller," or "Top seller." For more details on trademark usage, go to [Intellectual Property Policy forss - FAQ about Trademark](/help/hub/reference/GZUQ6GBBXQVHQKF2).

## Product category

We recommended adding at least one of the following images: one with the
product on a white background, one with the product in an environment, and one
with product information, such as dimensions or nutritional facts, depending
on your product.

To help us fulfill these requirements, these images will be automatically
selected and displayed in the first available slots of the media block.

For more specific information for your product category, select the link to go
to that category’s image style guide to review the technical and content
requirements.

  * [Product page style guide](/gp/help/external/G200270100)
  * [Image guidelines for clothing](/gp/help/G200498950)
  * [Clothing & accessories](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/SPIS/Fashion_Apparel_Imaging_Guidelines_Spring_2021.pdf)
  * [Multipack imaging standards](/gp/help/G94GSFMC79RSLDBY) (not clothing)

## Image examples and troubleshooting

For detailed examples of correct images and common image issues:

  * To learn more about image requirements, go to [Image troubleshooting](/gp/help/G17771).
  * To view examples of our imaging requirements, go to [Image issues](/gp/help/GT8RSE9S9NK4LP6Z).
  * If you're creating your own images, you may find our [imaging products](https://www.amazon.com/pstudioipv) and [photography videos](https://www.youtube.com/c/AmazonImaging) useful.
  * If images are not appearing on the product detail page, go to [Images not appearing on the Detail page](/gp/help/G17811).

**Note:** Uploading an image doesn’t guarantee that it will be displayed. When
images are received from multiple selling partners, Amazon will select the
images that meet the style guides and standards, providing the best experience
for customers. It means that we may select images that are different from
those provided by Brand owners.

For issues on your specific listings, use the following resources:

  * To view products removed from search due to image issues, go to [Fix your products](/fixyourproducts/suppressed).
  * To view compliance and technical file requirement failures, go to [Submission status](/imaging/upload/status).

