---
title: Product type and attributes
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYV2F6WS9N9FDYD9
section: General Documentation
---

A product type refers to a set of products that share similar attributes. For
example, the “pillow” product type can refer to products such as bed pillows,
throw pillows, and furniture pillows. Each product type has a corresponding
template that allows you to provide relevant information about the product.

Selecting the right product type at the time of listing helps you describe
your product more accurately and makes listing more convenient, because you’ll
only be asked for data on product-specific attributes.

You can browse product types directly, use search on [Select a product
type](/productclassify?ref_=xx_addlisting_dnav_xx), or check if your product
[already exists on Amazon](/product-search?ref_=xx_addlisting_dnav_xx). When
you create a new listing, you can view the product types when you classify
your product in the [Add a product](/product-search?ref=xx_addlisting_dnav_xx)
tool and when selecting the appropriate template to download from [Add
products via upload](/listing/download?ref_=xx_download_tnav_status).

## Product-specific attributes

Product-specific attributes are displayed on the product detail page. Most
attributes are tagged as recommended. We recommend that you provide this
information because it helps customers evaluate your product more easily and
make a faster buying decision.

**Important:** After October 3, 2023, 208 attributes across 213 product types
will be required for new listings. [View the list of required attributes and
affected product types](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/announcement/Archi/sprint-4_Product_Types-
_Attributes.xlsx). Product types that aren’t listed are not affected by the
requirement.

The required attribute information gives customers more precise data to help
them find and compare products. For example, customers will be able to
accurately identify the “material” of product “coat” or the “capacity” of
product “drinking cup” before deciding to buy.

## Providing attribute information

You’ll be prompted to add missing attribute information when you edit your
catalog, such as when you update price or product information. Look for our
ongoing reminders to provide any missing information.

You can also provide attributes by editing your products via [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_home) or by updating your listings in
bulk. If you have an inactive listing and want to publish it, go to Manage
Inventory, filter for the affected product types, and update the attributes.

To troubleshoot listing errors, go to [Error 99010](/gp/help/G200713270).

**Note:** If you use a feeds integrator, you'll eventually be required to
enter new attribute information. Check this page often for updates. For more
information, contact the provider of your feeds integrator.

