---
title: Product Opportunity Explorer FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G7G4RNVTPQ9CWV39
section: General Documentation
---

#### How often is the data refreshed?

New niches are created at the beginning of every month. Metrics are refreshed
at the beginning of the week.

#### How can I request additional metrics to be added?

On any **Niche details** page, click **Request a Metric** link on the top
right side of the page. You will be asked to provide some basic details and to
submit the form. You can ask for metrics that may apply to any part of the
Product Opportunity Explorer experience, and not just limited to the detail
page you are viewing.

#### How do I provide feedback?

There are two ways to provide feedback. As you navigate through Product
Opportunity Explorer, each page has an option **Rate this page** , which can
be found at the top left next to **Learn More**.

You can provide a satisfaction rating for the page and provide a free text
response on what you liked or what you would like to see improved.
Additionally, on any Niche details page, click the **Is this Niche helpful?**
link next to the niche name. You will be asked to provide feedback about the
niche you are viewing and your overall satisfaction level with the niche. This
feedback is very valuable and will be used by Amazon to improve the overall
usefulness of niches over time.

#### My account seems to have access, but only for the primary user. How do I
grant access to my other users?

By default, Product Opportunity Explorer is provided to only the primary user
on each account. To grant permissions, navigate to Settings > Manage Global
Permissions, and provide View access for **New Product Opportunities**.

**Note:** If your user is not yet a global user, first navigate to Settings >
User Permissions > Global User Permissions > Add User.

#### I am a primary user and I am getting an error that I donâ€™t have
permissions.

Product Opportunity Explorer is available to Professional sellers in the US,
Germany, UK, France, Italy, Spain, Japan, Netherlands, Poland, Belgium, and
Sweden. If you meet the criteria, confirm that you are the user who registered
your account before contacting Selling Partner Support. If you are not a
Professional seller, go to [Selling Plan Comparison](/gp/help/G64491). If you
upgrade to a Professional account, allow 24 hours to gain access to Product
Opportunity Explorer.

#### I am not getting an error. I am getting a blank page. What now?

Some users who have permissions to view Product Opportunity Explorer get a
blank page when first attempting to access Product Opportunity Explorer. We
have determined this is caused by end user browser settings. Clear your
cookies or update your browser to the most recent version.

#### I entered a search term but I get an error stating _no matching niches_.

The search term you entered might not have enough search volume yet to be
included in our data set. Consider trying a synonym or alternate phrasing.

#### I entered an ASIN alpha-numeric key in the search box and when I clicked
on 'Niche view' tab, I got an error message.

The **ASIN** mode search matches the text you entered in the search box with
the results for both niches and ASINs. As there are no niches named by alpha-
numeric key of a specific ASIN, your search will not return a result.

#### I searched for a specific ASIN and when I got to the Product Detail page
I could not find niches in which this product appears in.

Not all ASINs are mapped back to niches. If you are unable to find a niche for
the product you are looking at, means that it has not been clustered in a
'customer need' according to niche creation rules.

## Related help pages

  * [Product Opportunity Explorer](/gp/help/GNJ4YRTXWLMBY38U)

