---
title: Product title requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/YTR6SYGFA5E3EQC
section: General Documentation
---

Title requirements apply to all products on all of our worldwide stores.
Follow these four criteria when creating product titles:

  

  1. Titles must follow the recommended category-specific character limit (including spaces).
  2. Titles must not contain promotional phrases, such as "free shipping" or "100% quality guaranteed".
  3. Titles must not contain characters for decoration, such as ~ ! * $ ? _ ~ { } # < > | * ; ^ ¬ ¦
  4. Titles must contain product-identifying information, such as "hiking boots" or "umbrella". 

Failure to comply with these requirements may cause a product to be suppressed
from our search results.

## Title length

You may notice that different title lengths are listed in our [category-
specific style guides](/gp/help/G1641). These are guidelines based on the
preferred, typical title style for product listings in any given category.

## Tips

Good title quality is a key factor to ensuring a positive customer experience
on Amazon. Following are additional tips for improving the quality of your
titles. Although we only search-suppress products with titles that violate one
of the above-mentioned requirements, we strongly encourage adherence to these
standards:

  * Titles should be concise. We recommend fewer than 80 characters.
  * Don't use ALL CAPS.
  * Capitalize the first letter of each word except for prepositions (in, on, over, with), conjunctions (and, or, for), or articles (the, a, an).
  * Use numerals: "2" instead of "two".
  * Don't use non-language ASCII characters such as Æ, ©, or ®.
  * Titles should contain the minimal information that is needed to identify the item and nothing more.
  * Don't use subjective commentary, such as "Hot Item" or "Best seller".
  * Titles can include necessary punctuation, like hyphens (-), forward slashes (/), commas (,), ampersands (&), and periods (.).
  * Titles can abbreviate measurements, such as "cm", "oz", "in", and "kg".
  * Don't include your seller name in titles.
  * Size and color variations should be included in titles for child ASINs, not the main title (see below).

Some categories may have specific title rules. For more information, go to
[Add one product at a time](/gp/help/G200220550), and refer to category-
specific style guides. To learn more about best practices for titles, contact
Selling Partner Support.

## Titles that use variation relationships

In [Variation Relationships](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/8841),
child ASIN titles may appear on the detail page once the child ASIN is
selected, so it is important to include the variation attributes like size and
color in the title for the child ASIN.

  * **Example parent:** Crocs Beach Clog
  * **Example child:** Crocs Beach Clog, Lime Green, Men's Size 8-9

## Example

Our research shows that customers scan-read results, meaning that titles don’t
need to contain the exact phrase that customers are searching for in order to
catch their eye. Longer titles are also harder to read than shorter titles, so
the longer your title is, the more you risk losing your customer’s attention.

Think about a physical product on a supermarket shelf. Its title is simple and
to the point. You only have a moment to catch the eye of a passing shopper.
With online titles on Amazon, there’s no need to go on and on. Simply put, the
title should reflect what is on the physical packaging of a product:

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/skippy-peanut-butter-
GYTR6SYGFA5E3EQC-NA._CB1563066723_.png)  

## FAQ

  

  1. _**Is title the same thing as product name?**_

Yes.

  2. _**What if my brand name contains a prohibited character, such as!, ©, ™, or ®? **_

Ensure that your brand name is entered in the brand name field. If it contains
a prohibited character, that character will be exempt from title requirements.
Our aim is to keep titles free from characters such as !, ©, ™, or ®, but they
may appear in the brand byline that appears on detail pages and in search
results.

  3. _**Does Amazon automatically put a brand name at the start of my title, or do I need to do that myself?**_

We recommend that you begin a title with the product’s brand name in addition
to ensuring the brand name field is populated. We have systems in place to add
the brand name to the beginning of the title if it is missing, but providing
it in the title ensures that it won’t be omitted due to unexpected issues.

  4. _**What if my product doesn’t have a brand name?**_

If your product is a generic brand with no brand name, you don’t need to state
a brand name in its title. Instead, enter the word "generic" in the brand name
field.

  5. _**How do I know if my listings have been suppressed?**_

Go to the [Manage Inventory](/inventory) page and click **Suppressed** to see
your suppressed listings.

  6. _**What if another seller’s title violates the title requirements and causes a product that I’m also selling to become unsearchable?**_

If the seller in question doesn’t correct the title, contact Selling Partner
Support to request a title correction.

  7. _**Do brand-registered products have the same title requirements?**_

Yes.

  8. _**Are title requirements the same for products that are sold through Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA), Seller Fullfilled Prime(SFP), and Seller-Fulfilled Orders?**_

Yes.

  9. _**Are model numbers recommended in titles?**_

Refer to the style guide that is specific to your product category. We
recommend that model numbers are used in titles for some categories, but not
all of them.

  10. **_What if my title is missing product-identifying information such as color, material, or size?_**

Titles must contain key product-identifying information for customers to
understand the item. We have systems to copy information from some of the key
product attribute fields to the title if it’s missing that information.
However, to avoid search-suppression, we strongly recommend to create the
title with sufficient information that represents the product.

