---
title: Product detail pages and offers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G51
section: General Documentation
---

A product detail page is where a customer discovers a unique product sold on
Amazon. It can include one or more offers from sellers or from Amazon.

This page is a shared space that displays attributes that are common to all
offers for the product, such as the following:

  * Title
  * Image
  * Bullet points
  * Description
  * Product variations (such as size or color)
  * Customer reviews

Some categories have additional product detail attributes. For example in
Electronics, cameras have attributes such as optical zoom and max resolution
that wouldn't be required for other product categories.

You and other sellers can list an offer on a product detail page. You create
and control your own offer for a product, including price, shipping options,
condition, and other attributes. If a product doesn't exist on Amazon, you can
submit a request for a new product listing and Amazon will create a new
product detail page. Amazon chooses what information to include on the product
detail page based on manufacturer and seller contributions. For more
information, see the [Get to know the product detail
page](/gp/help/G201911450).

**Note:** For a newly registered seller, it might take 90 minutes or more
after registering in order to list products for sale on Amazon.

## Tour the product detail page

â€‹Learn about the product detail page including how to list items and create
variations. From the **Catalog** drop-down menu, select [Add
Products](/hz/productsearch). On the **Add Products** page, see "About adding
products" section.

See the following links below for additional information on product detail
pages and adding products to your listing:

  * [How to list products that do not have a GTIN (UPC, EAN, JAN, or ISBN)](/gp/help/G200426310)
  * [ASIN creation policy](/gp/help/G201844590)
  * [Enhance your listings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/200403880?language=en_US&ref=ag_200403880_cont_G51)

## Use Seller Central to add a product offer

Use the Inventory tools in Seller Central to search for a product that already
has a product detail page for adding your offer.

If you have a Professional Selling Plan, you can download an inventory
template file that will help you upload a large number of product offers in
bulk. From the **Catalog** drop-down menu, select[ Add Products via
Upload](/hz/inventory/addproducts) to get started.

If you have a small number of products to offer or if you do not have a
Professional Selling Plan, you can use the method described below to add
products one at a time.

  1. From the **Catalog** drop-down menu, select [Add Products](/hz/productsearch).

  2. Search for the product you want to sell on Amazon.

**Note:** Results are more accurate if you search for a product identifier
such as a UPC, EAN, JAN, or an ISBN.

  3. Click the **Sell this product** button for the product you want to list.

**Important:** After clicking **Sell this Product** , review any restrictions
provided on the Amazon Services Seller Central page. If you see that you are
not approved to add this product, click the **Learn More** link.

  4. If you are approved to add the product, you will be directed to the **Offer** page.

  5. Add your offer details, including price, quantity, condition, and shipping options.

  6. Save your changes.

## Add products to the Amazon catalog

If you can't find a product on Amazon, you can submit product information so
Amazon can create a new product detail page. Detail pages are shared with
other sellers who can offer the same product.

  1. From the **Catalog** drop-down menu, select [Add Products](/hz/productsearch).

  2. Click **I'm adding a product not sold on Amazon**.

  3. Enter the required information, which will be highlighted in red across the tabs within the workflow.

  4. Once you enter the required information in the tabs provided, you can click **Submit**.

