---
title: Products listing requirements for sellers from Brazil
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQHS255TKXAFFAW7
section: General Documentation
---

To ensure a good experience for consumers, Amazon has specific requirements
for listing products. Title, description, image and other attributes of the
product must comply with these requirements. If there is any inconsistency,
the offer may be removed. To learn more about product listing rules, visit the
help pages below or search the Help menu.

  * [Product title requirements](/gp/help/YTR6SYGFA5E3EQC)
  * [Product image requirements](/gp/help/1881)
  * [Suppressed listings](/gp/help/200898440)

## Catalog translation

In addition to the requirements above, **all products listed on Amazon.com.br
must be in Portuguese**. Foreign language offers will be removed and the
account of the seller responsible for the listings may be temporarily
suspended. To assist sellers from other countries to list products in
Portuguese, Amazon provides a translation tool associated with BIL (Build
International Listings).

The tool is available to assist sellers, but you are still responsible for
reviewing all translations and making sure that they are accurate, perfectly
reflect the characteristics of your products, and comply with Brazilian laws.
Amazon is not responsible for any translated text.

To access the tool, carry out the following steps:  

  1. On Seller Central, go to **Inventory** and click **Sell globally**.
  2. Click **Build international listings**.
  3. Click **Get started** at the bottom right corner of the page.
  4. Choose Amazon.com as the source store.
  5. Check Amazon.com.br as the target store.
  6. Click **Save and continue**.
  7. Select the type of offers that you want to list on Amazon.com.br: **seller-fulfilled** offers and offers of **new or used** products. You can also select specific offers, listing the SKUs of the products that you want to offer on Amazon.com.br.
  8. Click **Save and continue**.
  9. Define the pricing rules for the target store. You have the option to use the same price from the origin (converted to Brazilian _Reais_) or to add a fixed % over the original price.
  10. Click **Save and continue**.
  11. Review your settings.
  12. Click **Save and continue**.
  13. Read the warning on the screen carefully and, if you agree, click **Agree and create offers**. Offers will be processed and will be available at the target in 4h.

Important information:

  * The translation tool for the Amazon.com.br target is only enabled for products sourced at Amazon.com. It is not possible to translate offers listed in other countries using BIL.
  * FBA offers on Amazon.com will not be synchronized by BIL.
  * Used products with a condition note (product attribute that states the condition of the used product) will not be synchronized or translated.
  * Products without an active offer in the source (Amazon.com) will not be synchronized or translated.
  * Products with a restricted offer to sellers from Brazil will not be synchronized or translated.
  * The ASIN number on Amazon.com.br will be the same as Amazon.com.
  * If the same SKU is used on Amazon.com.br for an ASIN listed on Amazon.com, the inventory will be synchronized automatically. This means that the system will overwrite the quantity of products on Amazon.com.br if it changes on Amazon.com and vice versa.
  * If the seller prefers to manage Amazon.com.br and Amazon.com inventories separately, they must use different SKUs.
  * Use DIFFERENT SKU numbers on Amazon.com.br for products that are FBA (Fulfilled by Amazon) on Amazon.com. Using the same SKU will change the shipping method to FBM for all accounts. ASIN image updates on Amazon.com will be reflected on Amazon.com.br and vice versa for all products synchronized through BIL.

To learn more about creating and synchronizing international listings, visit:

  * [Build International Listings](/gp/help/G202121570)
  * [Create a connection using Build International Listings](/gp/help/G202121580)
  * [Choose your source and target stores](/gp/help/G202121600)

Another option for translating listings is to hire a service provider. In
**Apps and Services** > **Explore Services** , search for the type of service,
and select **Translation**.

## Other options for listing products

**API** : If you have used BIL to translate the catalog, remove BIL
synchronization and delete all the ASINs listed on Amazon.com.br. If you have
already used API on Amazon.com, the same key can be used for Amazon.com.br.

**Upload in bulk** : If you have used BIL to translate the catalog, remove BIL
synchronization and delete all the ASINs listed on Amazon.com.br. This is the
best option for using different SKUs for Amazon.com.br. Keep in mind that
Amazon.com.br inventory will not be synchronized with Amazon.com if you use
different SKUs. Follow the steps on the help page [Inventory file
templates](/gp/help/G1641) to upload in bulk.

**1:1** : If you have used BIL to translate the catalog, remove BIL
synchronization and delete all the ASINs listed on Amazon.com. You can add
ASINs one by one. Go to **Inventory** > **Add Product** and follow the
instructions on the screen.

