---
title: Product Opportunity Explorer
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNJ4YRTXWLMBY38U
section: General Documentation
---

Product Opportunity Explorer is a tool to explore customer demand for new
product ideas. To access this tool, go to [Product Opportunity
Explorer](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/opportunity-explorer) or navigate
in the Menu to **Growth** > **Product Opportunity Explorer**.

**Note:** Product Opportunity Explorer is currently available to Professional
sellers in US, Germany, United Kingdom, Italy, France, Spain and Japan. If you
have a Professional selling plan and do not see Product Opportunity Explorer,
refer to the [ FAQ](/gp/help/G7G4RNVTPQ9CWV39).

Product Opportunity Explorer allows you to understand Amazon customer search
and purchasing behavior to evaluate if there is unmet customer demand and an
opportunity for you to meet that demand through new products. You can explore
up-to-date and accurate data on customer needs and the current selection in
the Amazon store.

## Where do I start?

Open the Seller Central main menu, hover over **Growth** , and select
**Product Opportunity Explorer**. You can browse by category, search keywords
or ASINs, or use example niches provided on the landing page.

## How do I search for new product ideas?

Product Opportunity Explorer provides you with two different ways to explore
product opportunities:  

  1. You can discover broader customer needs by searching for niches, such as dog bed.
  2. Search directly for ASINs and get detailed information on the product you are looking for.

## Searching for niches

You can find niches by searching through the text box in the **keyword** mode
or browsing by category or subcategory. Additionally, example niches are also
provided on your initial page based on categories you currently sell in. If
you don't see example niches, it's because you don't have any products yet. If
that is the case, start with a search or browse niches.

## What is a niche?

A niche is a collection of customer search terms and products that represent a
specific customer need. Customers tell Amazon what they want when they enter
search terms to find their next buy. Amazon combines search terms around
specific shopping needs based on customer demand. For example, stainless-steel
water bottle, BPA-free water bottle, insulated water bottle. These search
terms will be grouped to identify a unique customer intent and the top search
term becomes the **niche title** , such as water bottle. The niche includes
top products that were bought by customers and received a majority of clicks
from those search terms. We focus on top products because they are considered
the most in demand based on the customer intent.

## How is niche data constructed?

We create niches by grouping search terms based on the products customers view
or buy after searching. A cluster is created with search terms that have high
ASIN overlap in purchases and clicks. The search term that is high in search
volume in that cluster is determined as the niche. The number of search terms
displayed for a niche is currently capped based on which search terms have the
greatest search volume.

For more details on data definitions, go to the Metrics Glossary on the top
right side of the Product Opportunity Explorer page.

## Products tab on the Niche details page

If you click the niche name, you will land on the **Products** tab. Use this
tab to review products within the niche that received a majority of clicks and
have been bought after a customer search. You can review metrics such as
launch date, click share, and other pertinent data to help you understand what
a customer is looking for and identify overall competition within a niche.

If you click the link for the product, you will be taken to the Product
details page. This page will enable you to zoom in on a product to deep dive
and benchmark against existing Amazon ASINs. Data provided on this page
includes price and offer data, average Amazon fees, and product clicks and
trends. To better understand the information provided on the Product details
page, go to the section **Searching for ASINs** below.

## Search terms tab on the Niche details page

This section can help you learn about customer intent and review product
attributes or features that are potentially important to customers. On this
page, you can evaluate data such as search volume, click share, search
conversion, and the top three clicked products.

## Insights tab on the Niche details page

Use the Insights section to conduct a deeper analysis into the niche by
reviewing 20 different data points across three time frames (today, 90 days,
and 360 days). You can review the number of products and top clicked products
to understand saturation in the niche, or low percentage of Prime Products
metric to see opportunities for adding a product with a Prime offer.

## Trends tab on the Niche details page

The Trends tab is composed of two parts - **Metrics picker** and **Chart**.
The metrics picker allows you to select up to two metrics to plot in the
chart. You can have up to five total metrics present in the picker to quickly
toggle between selections. If you have fewer than five metrics visible in the
metrics picker, click **Add metric**. If you do not see the **Add metric**
icon, you must click **x** on any metric to remove it from your Picker and
select other metrics.

The chart represents the time series data for each of the metrics selected in
the metrics picker. The color of the plot lines will correspond with the
highlight colors in the metrics picker. The chart can be analyzed by hovering
your mouse over the plot lines. Each data point in the chart represents the
data aggregated in the seven days before the date reflected in the data point.

## Customer review insights tab on the Niche details page

This section provides you with insights into customer reviews, aggregated by
themes that are further divided into granular subtopics and corresponding
snippets. You can toggle between positive and negative reviews to understand
customer sentiment. The bar chart illustrates how a topic impacted the average
star rating of the top 25% of products in the niche and all products in the
niche for the past 6 months, differentiated by a dark blue bar and a light
blue bar. The line chart illustrates the percentage of times the review topics
have been mentioned in products within the niche.

## Purchase drivers tab on the Niche details page

This section provides you with the most relevant features which positively or
negatively impact the number of units sold by the products in the niche. The
impact is calculated by comparing the estimated sales of the products with
that given feature of interest against the average units sold by all products
in the niche. We will present up to 10 most relevant positive or negative
impact features.

The features are extracted from product name, description, and bullet points,
and are specific to the products in the niche. Whenever there is an apparent
theme applicable to the features, they will be named with a tag for reference
(such as color: blue for a t-shirt niche, where color is the theme tag and
blue is the feature).

## Returns tab on the Niche details page

This section provides you with the most common customer reasons for returning
a product within the niche and corresponding frequency of mentions expressed
as a percentage compared to all returns for products in this niche. The line
graph illustrates the trends for each topic over time. The reasons displayed
in this tab are extracted from return feedback provided by customers.

## Searching for ASINs

You can also use Product Opportunity Explorer to search for both a specific
ASIN or for ASINs that are related to a given search term. To look for a
specific ASIN, you have to input the alpha-numeric key that identifies the
ASIN you want. The result will include the target ASIN, identified by a header
at the top of the table. And other relevant products, identified as similar
ASINs right below the target ASIN. The key metrics will help you to identify
how relevant the products are.

If you want to search for ASINs that are related to a given search term, you
must enter the search term you are interested at, choose the **ASIN View** tab
and then click search option. This will lead you to the list of related ASINs
and corresponding key metrics.

For both cases, find a full Metrics Glossary of data definitions on the top
right side of the Product Opportunity Explorer page.

## Product metrics tab on the Product details page

Once you click a specific product name in your search results, you will land
on the Product Metrics tab within the Product Details page. There, you will
find more in-depth information about that specific product, including price
and offer data, average referral, and FBA fees, as well as click count and
click growth trends.

## Customer review insights tab on the Product details page

Similar to the Customer Review Insights tab for the niches, this section
provides you with insights into customer reviews specific to the product,
aggregated by themes that are further divided into granular subtopics and
corresponding snippets. You can toggle between positive and negative review
snippets to understand customer sentiment. The chart illustrates how the
customer feedback impacted the average star rating of that ASIN, the parent
ASIN, and the ASINs within the productâ€™s category for the past 6 months,
differentiated by a dark blue bar, a light blue bar, and an orange bar. The
line chart illustrates the percentage of times the review topics have been
mentioned for that ASIN, the parent ASIN, and the ASINs in the category with a
dark blue line, light blue line and orange line respectively.

## How do I navigate from niche view to ASIN view?

If you want to go from a specific product, that you have identified by either
searching for the ASIN itself or going through the results of a **keyword**
search in the ASIN view tab to a niche, you can click the product and get into
the **Product details** page. In this page, you will be able to see different
metrics related to that product and, at the bottom, you will find the section
indicating _Niches product appears in_. This will allow you to see all the
niches in which this product is included.

To go from a niche to specific products, click the niche name to enter the
niche details, and the first tab containing all the products in that niche.
Then select the product name to go to the Product details page.

## Additional Product Opportunity Explorer resources

For more information on Product Opportunity Explorer, watch these videos in
Seller University:

**Product Opportunity Explorer overview**

**Product Opportunity Explorer best practices**

Then, review the [Product Opportunity Explorer overview
PDF](/learn/courses?moduleId=f80df2d6-85fb-4a0c-9623-a8ab6bf49185&ref_=su_module_page_next&courseId=3691ad33-f164-4bce-
be28-cfabe5f6d1b1&modLanguage=English) and the [Product Opportunity Explorer
best practices
PDF](/learn/courses?moduleId=41bbeab7-ee7e-4205-b008-fd9c4fa648c9&modLanguage=English)
in Seller University

You can also find these links by entering **Product Opportunity Explorer** in
the Seller Central search bar, or navigate to Seller University and search for
**Product Opportunity Explorer**.

## Related help pages

  * [Product Opportunity Explorer FAQ](/gp/help/G7G4RNVTPQ9CWV39)

