---
title: Project Zero: Guidelines and training
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLWPXVRVZD7AWJZT
section: General Documentation
---

Project Zero unlocks exclusive counterfeit protection for Rights Owners that
have demonstrated they can use our tools appropriately and effectively.

## Eligibility

To be eligible for Project Zero, you must meet the following requirements
regardless of your selling relationship with Amazon:

  * Have a Brand Registry account with a registered trademark and a Rights Owner role. 
  * Have submitted reports of potential infringements through the Report a Violation tool with an acceptance rate of at least 90% over the last six months.

**Note:** Amazon may make additional checks to determine a user's eligibility.
Enrollment in Project Zero is determined at Amazon’s sole discretion. Meeting
the criteria above doesn’t guarantee that you’ll be enrolled.

If you meet the above criteria, you’ll be automatically eligible for Project
Zero. Once you’re eligible, you’ll receive an email with the subject, “An
important message about your access to Amazon Project Zero.” You’ll also see a
banner on the Project Zero landing page that says, “Enroll your brands in
Project Zero.”

If you don’t meet the eligibility criteria, you’re not eligible for Project
Zero. You’ll see a banner on the Project Zero landing page that states, “You
are not eligible to access Project Zero.” You can continue to use the Report a
Violation tool.

**Note:** If your brand has several Rights Owners, they must each meet the
eligibility requirements separately. You are not permitted to enroll
additional Rights Owners from your brand in Project Zero if only one Rights
Owner is eligible.

## Enrollment

Once you’re eligible, follow these steps to complete your enrollment in
Project Zero:  

  1. On the Brand Registry homepage, select **Protect** from the main menu and click **Project Zero**.
  2. Click **Get started** at the top of the page to take the required training. 

The 15-minute training is required for Project Zero enrollment. It covers our
counterfeit policy and how to use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool
accurately. The training includes one to two pages of information and a quiz
at the end.

## Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool

Once you’re enrolled in Project Zero, you’ll be able to immediately remove
products you believe are counterfeit using the Self-Service Counterfeit
Removal tool. Access to this tool is a privilege that we may revoke at any
time.

Only use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove products that you
believe are unlawfully using a registered trademark on the product, packaging,
or product detail page. A counterfeit item is one that uses a mark that is
identical to or substantially indistinguishable from a registered mark.

Don’t use this tool to remove products in any of the following situations:

  * You believe that a product is a counterfeit, but the mark is not identical or substantially indistinguishable from the registered trademark.
  * You believe that a product is counterfeit, but it infringes upon a geographical indicator (GI) or an image-only trademark.
  * You believe that a product potentially infringes other intellectual property (IP), such as copyright or design right.
  * You believe that a product violates an Amazon selling policy, but it is not a counterfeit.
  * You believe that a product should be removed, but it is not a counterfeit.

## Search for content in our stores

You can search across all of our stores for ASINs and offers to report
counterfeit via the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool. There are three
ways that you can search for this content:

  * **Text:** Search by product name, ASIN, product URL, brand name, or keyword. To learn more about searching for ASINs in bulk, go to [Report a Violation tool: Searching for a custom list of ASINs in bulk](/help/hub/reference/GU8ZZK78DD5DUD5E).
  * **Order number:** Search by the 17-digit order number associated with a purchase.
  * **Image:** Search by uploading an image of your intellectual property.

To begin your search, select one of our stores from the drop-down menu.

To search by text or order number, enter the corresponding information into
the search field and click **Search**. You can also use the filters under the
**Refine results by** section to narrow your search results.

**Note:** If you’re searching by order number, ensure that the order was
placed in the selected stores (for example, amazon.com or amazon.de) within
the last 180 days.

## Remove a counterfeit product listing

Before you remove a listing, review the following guidelines:

  * We recommend that you complete a test buy of the suspected counterfeit item to confirm that the product or packaging uses your trademark. Once you receive the item and confirm that the product or packaging uses your registered trademark, or a substantially similar mark, use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove the listing. In the **Removal summary** section, include your order number to provide additional context for your removal.
  * Be mindful of whether you’re removing an entire ASIN or removing a specific product offer associated with an ASIN. 
  * If some of the ASIN’s product offers are authentic and some are counterfeit, you must remove only the counterfeit product offers from specific sellers. 
  * If you remove an entire ASIN when its associated product offers include both authentic and counterfeit items, your removal will be considered a misuse of the tool. Even if your removal action results in an accurate removal of a counterfeit product offer, it will still be considered a misuse of the tool.

To remove an entire ASIN, check the box next to the ASIN. By checking the box,
you indicate that you’d like to report the ASIN and all of its associated
product offers.

To remove a specific product offer associated with an ASIN, click **Show
product offers** , and then check the box next to the appropriate content. If
you’re viewing a parent ASIN, click **Show all variations** to expand the list
and view all of the associated variations.

## Counterfeit product removal error

If you receive the following error message, you may not be able to remove the
ASIN through Project Zero: “Our automated detection system is unable to
confirm the presence of the trademark on the selected ASINs.”

If the trademark is located somewhere on the product detail page, or
represents the look and feel of your product, use the Report a Violation tool
to submit a report of intellectual property infringement. To learn more, go to
[Report intellectual property infringements](/help/hub/reference/G202132860).

## What to expect after removing a counterfeit product

When you remove a product using the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool,
we’ll contact the seller to notify them that a complaint has been filed
against their product and it’s no longer live.

Although the product will be removed automatically, Amazon will conduct an
audit to ensure that the item removed was a counterfeit. To retain access to
the tool, you must maintain an accuracy rating of 99% or higher.

You can monitor the status of a product that you’ve removed by going to
**Submission history**. To learn more, go to [Submission history
FAQ](/help/hub/reference/G8JH57W4H4CXQPU5).

## Reinstated products

If a product that you removed using the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool
was reinstated, do not attempt to remove the product again. If you believe
that the product was reinstated in error, contact Brand Registry Support and
select **Escalate previously submitted issue**.

## Retract a counterfeit removal

If you removed a product by mistake, you must file a notice of retraction
immediately by following these steps:  

  1. Click **Monitor** and select **Submission history**.
  2. Scroll down the page to find the removal that you want to retract. Click **Open details** next to the corresponding ID. 
  3. Scroll down the page and click **Retract a complaint** above the **Status** column. 

## Example scenarios

Review the following scenarios to understand proper and improper uses of the
Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool.

_**Scenario 1**_

I see a product that has my registered trademark on the item. However, I never
made or licensed my trademark for use on such a product. Can I remove the
product?

**Yes**. You can use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove the
entire ASIN.

_**Scenario 2**_

I saw a product that looks exactly like mine, so I conducted a test buy. Once
the order was delivered, I examined the product and determined that it
infringed my copyright and design patent. However, neither the product nor its
packaging displayed my registered trademark.

I’m still worried that the product could confuse customers. I’ve even seen
reviews on Amazon where customers think the product came from my brand. Can I
use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove this product?

**No.** This product doesn’t use your registered trademark or a substantially
indistinguishable mark. You can report this product through the Report a
Violation tool as either copyright or design patent infringement.

_**Scenario 3**_

There are different sellers on Amazon selling a product that my brand makes.
Some of these products look suspicious. I conducted test buys from several
sellers and some of the products that arrived displayed my trademark, but
weren’t authentic. Can I remove these products?

**Yes**. If you believe some of the offers associated with the ASIN include
counterfeit products, you can use the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to
remove the specific product offers. In the **Removal summary** section,
include your order number for the test buy to provide additional context for
your removal and enable us to confirm that the registered trademark is on the
product.

_**Scenario 4**_

There are different sellers on Amazon selling a product that my brand makes.
For one of these products, my brand sells the item to the sellers, but our
contract prohibits them from reselling the item on Amazon. Can I use the Self-
Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove this product since the seller is in
breach of our contract?

**No**. Amazon respects a manufacturer's right to enter into exclusive
distribution agreements for its products. However, violations of such
agreements do not constitute an infringement of intellectual property rights.
The enforcement of these agreements is a matter between the manufacturer and
the resellers, and Amazon does not assist in this type of enforcement.

_**Scenario 5**_

A seller listed an item that looked suspicious on my product’s detail page, so
I conducted a test buy. The item that arrived didn’t have my company's
trademark on it, even though my product’s detail page displayed my trademark.
Otherwise, the item that I received looked identical to my product. Can I use
the Self-Service Counterfeit Removal tool to remove that seller's product
offer from my product’s detail page?

**Yes**. In this case, the detail page clearly implied that the seller’s
listing was an authentic, brand name product. Since the detail page features
your trademark, your brand name appears in the brand field on the detail page.
Because you’ve confirmed that the seller isn’t shipping your brand’s product,
you can use the tool to remove the specific product offer.

