---
title: Protect your brand with Transparency
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GSB2AVC33KWCAYSA
section: General Documentation
---

Brands can use Transparency to prevent counterfeit products from reaching
customers, engage customers after purchase, optimize supply chains, and more.

Products enrolled in Transparency have unique serial codes called Transparency
codes that proactively protect your brand and ensure that every item shipped
to customers is authentic. Whether they’re fulfilled by us or shipped directly
by you, products enrolled in Transparency can’t be sold in Amazon stores
without a valid code.

Transparency codes can also help you engage with your customers after they
purchase your product. Both the Amazon Shopping app and the Transparency app
allow customers to scan Transparency codes to confirm the product's
authenticity, and to access brand-provided materials, such as videos or
product instructions.

When you use Transparency codes, you can gain additional insight into your
supply chain and your products at the batch or lot level, which can help to
identify issues, diagnose root causes, and implement solutions.

## How Transparency works

After you enroll your products in Transparency, you’ll label every unit with a
unique code. The code is scanned to verify the unit’s authenticity. Items
without a valid code are put aside for further investigation to ensure that
only authentic items are delivered to customers.

If you currently serialize your own products, you can [enable Transparency
protections using your existing
codes](https://www.amazonbrandprotection.com/na-en/io-eligibility). (English
only)

To learn more about Transparency and check your eligibility, go to
[Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency/) .

If you’re already enrolled in Transparency, learn more about the program by
going to [Transparency help](https://transparency.amazon.com/v2/help/getting-
started).

## Transparency onboarding process

Watch this video series for step-by-step instructions on how to complete the
Transparency onboarding process:

1\. Get started with Transparency

2\. Transparency step 1: Enroll your brand and products

3\. Transparency step 2: Choose integration types and application methods

4\. Transparency step 3: Retrieve and apply Transparency codes

5\. Transparency step 4: Pass the Operational Performance Review (OPR)

6\. Transparency step 5: Activate and manage Transparency protections

