---
title: Provider Performance Dashboard
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUHXXH25DN5WQFSJ
section: General Documentation
---

## Understand and control your metrics

_Last Updated 05/28/18_

We developed this feature for you to easily understand your service
performance metrics. Providers that meet and exceed the performance targets
have the opportunity to earn more jobs on Amazon. With this information, you
will be able to:

  * **Take control of your performance.** With this self-service tool, you may manage your own performance and even have the awareness of what it’s needed to improve so you can have the opportunity to win more jobs.
  * **Direct access to your metrics.** We want to show our metric system with transparency in order for you to comprehend our requirements for a great service.
  * **Data based improvement.** You can use this tool as a personalized guide to increase your service quality and therefore Customer satisfaction.

## What this tool offers

**Performance Summary widget**

  * This section on the Seller Central home page shows a high-level overview of your current performance for the last 60 days, updated daily. Here the information includes jobs you completed or cancelled and how many issues they had.
  * Clicking on the issue count opens the “Manage Jobs” page. Here we show the Services that have recorded issues, so you can see which specific jobs presented them and get to know what your opportunities are for improvement.
  * At the bottom is a link to “Review your performance metrics”, which opens the Performance Dashboard page.

**Performance Dashboard page**

  * This feature shows a breakdown of your scores on each individual issue type in relation to the [Service Level targets](/gp/help/202043250) used to determine overall performance. You may access this page through the Performance Summary widget on the Home Page or through **Performance** and then **Performance Dashboard**.
  * The information can be filtered by time frame (“Last 60 days” is what is used for performance metrics), coverage area, profession, and technician. This information enables you to investigate your improvement opportunities in more detail.
  * You can also see the same information in a more visual way by selecting the **Chart View** button.

**Find your information more easily**

On the Manage Jobs page you'll find a column for “Coverage Area” and one for
“Issues”—which lists any issues recorded for a specific job and gives you more
in-depth information for investigation. For easier data interpretation, you
may also filter your information by “Coverage Area(s)” and by “Issue Type(s)”.

## Performance Dashboard FAQs

#### Why is my Performance important?

Amazon's priority is to give our Customers the best service possible, and
we're always striving to raise the bar. For that reason, we work with the best
Service Providers in the market that meet the [Performance
targets](/gp/help/202043250). In case you fail to meet these targets, it might
negatively affect your Account and/or the number of jobs assigned to you, and
it can even result in the suspension of your selling privileges. Although
these targets are the base to a good service, we encourage our Providers to
excel in their performance as an opportunity to earn more jobs on Amazon.

#### What time frame is my performance being evaluated on?

Performance is measured across orders completed or cancelled in last 60 days,
and is calculated each night. Keep in mind that orders completed or cancelled
more than 60 days ago are not considered in performance metrics.

#### I'm below the targets on one or more Service Levels. What happens?

In case you did not met the performance targets, it might negatively affect
your account and/or the number of jobs assigned to you, even might result in
the suspension of your selling privileges. For more information, see [Service
Level Requirements and Performance metrics](/gp/help/202043250).

#### I'm not meeting one or more targets (percentages in red) for a coverage
area, profession, or technician. How does that impact me?

In those cases you'll have the ability to understand what specific parts of
your business (coverage areas, professions, or technicians) are not performing
well so you can easily identify what improvement opportunities to tackle. Take
into consideration that Service Levels are currently only evaluated on
account-wide basis, this means that your performance metrics are calculated
for your account as a whole for orders completed or cancelled in the last 60
days.

#### What impact does my performance for each Service Level have on my
account?

If your business fails to meet these targets, it might negatively affect your
account, and even impact the number of jobs assigned to you. Also, it might
result in the suspension of your selling privileges.

#### How does a technician or book keeper's assigned coverage area affect
their view of the Performance metrics?

Consider that a technician/book keeper will only see the performance metrics
for jobs within their assigned coverage areas—on the Seller Central home page,
on the Performance Dashboard, and on the Manage Jobs list. Keep in mind that
technicians/book keepers who are not assigned to a specific coverage area, or
are assigned to all coverage areas, will see the data for all coverage areas-
Also, the technician/book keeper or the account owner can adjust the assigned
coverage areas on their profile on the “Manage Staff” page.

#### For more information...

[Service Level Requirements and Performance metrics](/gp/help/202043250)

