---
title: Referral fees reimbursement policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GRRJCFXD6474GRLY
section: General Documentation
---

Effective December 2, 2021, the requirements and limitations below apply to
the reimbursement of referral fees. This policy does not apply to other fee
reimbursements.

Referral fee category descriptions are available in our [fee category
guidelines](/gc/fee-category-guidelines). Amazon reserves the right to
determine the validity of referral fee disputes, including for products that
are not explicitly described in the guidelines. Any reimbursement will be
based on the referral fee rate effective at the date of the disputed
transaction.

## Before you submit your request

  * Determine the referral fee amount you were charged on specific transactions using the [Reports Repository](/payments/reports-repository?ref_=xx_rrepo_ttab_trans). This report allows you to download transactions in bulk for a specific period. Check the [Selling on Amazon fee schedule](/gp/help/GH78LW99F4XF3Z38) to determine if the amount you were charged is in line with your product’s fee category.
  * Use the [fee category guidelines](/gc/fee-category-guidelines) if you’re unsure of your product’s category. If you can’t find your product in these guidelines, identify the category you believe your product belongs under and check the [Selling on Amazon fee schedule](/gp/help/200336920) for the rate of that category.

## Submit your reimbursement request

If you have reviewed your referral fee amount in the [Reports
Repository](/payments/reports-repository?ref_=xx_rrepo_ttab_trans) and believe
it is inaccurate, contact Selling Partner Support and open a research
request.To be eligible for a reimbursement, you must provide the following
documentation:

  * The date of the transaction or transactions
  * The transaction or transactions for which you believe an incorrect referral fee was charged, and the referral fee amounts you were charged
  * The referral fee amount that you believe is correct for each transaction, and your rationale
  * The fee category guidelines that place your product in a different fee category. If the fee category guidelines don’t mention your product specifically, include which category you believe your product should belong under and your rationale for that placement. Disputes contrary to guidelines that are in effect at the time of the fee transaction will be declined.
  * The Custom Unified Transaction report downloaded from [Report Repository](/payments/reports-repository?ref_=xx_rrepo_ttab_trans) for the period in which the wrong referral fee was charged.

**Important:** File a claim for reimbursement only when you can provide this
documentation. A pattern of invalid claims for which research confirms the
referral fee charged was accurate could cause further claims to be refused.

## Limitations

For each fee charge, you may file only one claim. Additional claims for the
same fee charge will be declined. We may request additional documentation to
process your claim. Claims with insufficient documentation may be declined and
closed. Once we complete our investigation, we'll notify you whether you are
eligible for reimbursement.

If you disagree with the investigation’s conclusions, you can file an appeal
by requesting in the same case that the case be transferred for a second,
independent review. If the case has been resolved, reopen the case to request
the appeal. Amazon's appeals determinations are final.

