---
title: Refund options
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201725630
section: General Documentation
---

There are several types of buyer refunds:

  * Seller-issued refunds
  * Amazon-issued refunds
  * Partial refunds 
  * Tax refunds

## Seller-issued refunds

For refunds that you issue, we recommend that you receive and examine the
returned items before you issue the refund. You can also choose to issue a
refund and allow the buyer to keep the item (returnless refund). Additional
options include issuing [concessions](/help/hub/reference/G200359070) and
[partial refunds](/help/hub/reference/G200359070), as per Amazon policies.

In case of damaged or materially different returns, you may have the option to
charge the buyer a restocking fee while issuing the refund. For more
information, go to [Guidelines for charging restocking
fees](/help/hub/reference/G201725780).

You’re required to issue a refund within two business days after you’ve
received a return. If you don’t issue a refund per our policy, we may issue
one automatically on your behalf.

**Note:** Once you’ve granted a seller-issued refund, it cannot be disputed.

## Amazon-issued refunds

We may issue refunds according to the following programs and policies:

  * **Refund at first scan** : With refund at first scan, eligible requests that are authorized automatically through our [prepaid return label program](/help/hub/reference/202072200) are refunded automatically once the buyer drops off the return at a designated carrier location. For more information, go to [Refund at first scan](/gp/help/GYLYQWNG8LZ9JNJP). 
  * **Returnless refunds** : We’ll issue returnless refunds to buyers if you have a returnless-refund rule enabled in your return settings.
  * **Out-of-country returnless refunds** : If you don’t have a domestic return address at the time of the return request, we’ll do one of the following: 
    * For items valued at less than $25, we’ll automatically grant a returnless refund at the time of return request.
    * For items valued at more than $25, if you don’t follow our [policy for international returns](/help/hub/reference/G201468550), we may issue a refund on your behalf. 
  * **Customer Service-issued refunds** : Amazon Customer Service issues a refund to protect the buyer experience when the buyer’s claims are deemed legitimate. 
  * **A-to-z Guarantee claims** : If the buyer submitted an A-to-z Guarantee claim and the investigator determined that you were at fault, we may issue a refund to the buyer and deduct the amount from your Seller Central account.
  * **Chargebacks** : A chargeback, also known as a charge dispute, occurs when a cardholder contacts their bank to dispute the charge for an order placed on Amazon.

**How to dispute an Amazon-issued refund**

If you believe that the refund we issued was unjustified, you have the
following options to dispute it:

  * For refunds at first scan, Customer Service-issued refunds, or automatic refunds that were issued because you didn’t act within 48 hours of receiving the return, follow the guidelines described on [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).
  * For A-to-z Guarantee claims, follow the steps on [Appeal an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/help/hub/reference/G202041210).
  * For chargebacks, follow the process outlined on [Respond to a chargeback claim](/help/hub/reference/G202145040). 

**Note:** Out-of-country returnless refunds cannot be disputed.

## Partial refunds

A refund is considered partial if it doesn’t match the item price that the
buyer was charged. You may issue a partial refund, instead of a full refund,
depending on the return circumstances. Here are some examples:

  * **Restocking fees** : If the buyer returns the item to you damaged or in a condition that is different from the condition in which you sent it, you may be able to charge a restocking fee. For more information, go to [Guidelines for charging restocking fees](/gp/help/201725780).
  * **Concessions** : You may occasionally want to compensate buyers for issues relating to their order or customer experience as an alternative to or in addition to providing a refund. For more information, go to [Issue concessions](/gp/help/G200359070).

**Tip:** If you decide to issue a partial refund, we recommend that you
explain this to the buyer in advance to help avoid a misunderstanding or
possible A-to-z Guarantee claim.

  * **Return shipping cost** : If the buyer simply no longer wants the item or is otherwise at fault for the return, you may deduct the cost of return shipping from the refund that you issue. For Amazon-issued refunds, the return shipping cost is charged automatically to the buyer or seller depending on the return reason that the buyer selected. To determine who is at fault for a return, go to [Return reason codes for prepaid returns](/gp/help/202080050). In cases where you offer free returns, you’re responsible for the return shipping cost regardless of the return reason. For more information, go to [Free returns for seller fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G8EKQAPUCQA9RAP8) and [Free returns on fashion items for seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/GEKBRFKQE38CQA6V).

**Note:** If the buyer paid upfront for return shipping and you’re at fault
for the return, you must refund the return shipping cost in addition to the
item price.

If tax was calculated for the product, gift wrap, or shipping and handling, it
will be refunded automatically when a full or partial refund is issued. For a
partial refund, partial tax will be calculated and refunded automatically. For
more information, go to [Issue refunds and concessions for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/GU7K5N5GUP67M4X9) and [Returnless
resolutions](/gp/help/G202174940).

## Tax refunds

You can issue a tax-only refund in the following scenarios:

  * **The buyer qualifies for tax-exempt status** : You are responsible for obtaining, validating, and retaining any necessary documentation to support the buyer’s request.
  * **An incorrect rate was calculated** : If the buyer’s order destination has a lower tax rate than what was calculated on the order, you can issue a jurisdiction tax refund.
  * **A product or shipping price was refunded but tax was not** : If you issue a refund, tax for that amount should also be refunded.

To learn more, go to [How to refund tax](/gp/help/202154020).

If the order was destined to a state that had [marketplace tax
collection](/gp/help/G7VYHGJ8ZT2M58CP) laws in effect at the time of delivery
and Amazon managed the tax calculation for the order, Amazon Customer Service
will be responsible for assisting the buyer with their tax-only refund
request.

**Note:** You may have the option to [issue concessions](/gp/help/200359070)
in addition to or as an alternative to refunding order amounts. Concession
refunds don’t include or automatically calculate any tax.

## See also

  * [Returnless resolutions](/gp/help/202174940)
  * [Cancel a refund](/gp/help/201650210)
  * [Refund gift cards and gift certificates](/gp/help/201650230)

