---
title: Register products to your brand
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6DU75NSM86VXKZC
section: General Documentation
---

In order for your listings to be correctly linked with your brand once you've
enrolled in Brand Registry, you must ensure that your seller account is
connected to your brand. You must also ensure that the brand name attribute on
your listing matches the registered brand name in Brand Registry. Linking your
products to your brand allows you to be eligible for benefits like A+ Content,
Stores, and Sponsored Brands.

## Register products

To register a product to your brand, update the product listing with the
following information:

  * **Brand name:** The brand name is case-sensitive and must exactly match the brand name that appears on the [Brand applications](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/brand/enrollment/manage/applications) page.

**Note:** The ASIN's brand name can only be updated when the ASIN is created.
For more information, go to [Amazon brand name
policy](/help/hub/reference/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ).

  * **Category:** Confirm that the selected category (**item_type_keyword**) is accurate.
  * **Product ID:** A unique UPC that is registered with GS1.org.

**Note:** If your product doesn’t have a UPC, you might be eligible for a
[GTIN exemption](/help/hub/reference/200426310).

## Build your brand

After you’ve connected your seller account and product listings to your brand,
you become eligible for the following exclusive brand-building tools:

  * **[A+ Content:](https://brandservices.amazon.com/grow-brand)** Share your story, visually distinguish your brand, and help customers make informed shopping decisions.
  * **[Sponsored Brands:](https://advertising.amazon.com/solutions/products/sponsored-brands)** Drive awareness of your brand and product portfolio with featured search results.
  * **[Stores:](https://advertising.amazon.com/en-us/solutions/products/stores)** Create an immersive storefront and introduce audiences to your brand’s story, mission, and products.

**Note:** For instructions on how to manage selling partner accounts in Brand
Registry, go to [Brand Registry user
FAQ](/help/hub/reference/G7XU99JWVLB645MU).

## Update product information

Once your seller account and listings are connected to your brand, you can
also better manage the content and photos that appear on your product detail
pages.

For more information about how to update your product details, go to [Suggest
changes to your product detail page](/help/hub/reference/200335450).

## Guidelines for editing product detail pages

If multiple selling partners with the same selling role contribute product
information to one ASIN, the selling partners’ contributions will be weighted
equally for display on the attribute.

**Note:** Administrators are the only role that’s authorized to manage user
roles for their brand. Administrators can update selling roles on a brand by
going to [Manage selling
accounts](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/brg/selling-benefits).

If two or more selling partners contribute information to the same product
attribute, the system will choose to display information based on several
factors, including the contributing parties’ sales volume, their refund rate,
their buyer feedback, and their A-to-z claims.

To avoid confusion, we encourage Brand Representatives and Resellers to
collaborate with the brand’s Administrator to determine the most appropriate
information for the product detail page.

Note that we will not mediate between selling partners to decide whose product
detail contributions will be displayed for a specific ASIN. We also won’t
disclose information about the selling partners whose contributions are
displayed on the product detail page. This information includes, but isn’t
limited to, seller names, seller IDs, merchant tokens, and email addresses.

Contributions made by a selling partner to a branded ASIN can’t be edited by
the Selling Partner Support team. If you believe that there’s incorrect
information on a product detail page, go to [Account Health - Report
Abuse](/abuse-submission/index.html).

Allow up to 24 hours for the updated information to appear on the product
detail page. If your contributions do not appear after 24 hours, [contact
us](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/cu/contact-us).

