---
title: Remove inventory overview
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200280650
section: General Documentation
---

Use the tool below to create a removal order. Enter an FNSKU for a unit that
you want to remove. To fix a problem with an existing removal order, enter the
removal order ID or batch ID.

You can use one or more of the following options to remove inventory from a
fulfillment center:

  * Request the return or disposal of any amount of inventory at any time. For more information, go to [Remove inventory from a fulfillment center](/gp/help/201436560).
  * Manage unsellable and slow-moving inventory automatically. For more information, go to [Remove inventory automatically](/gp/help/200678710).
  * Use spreadsheets to submit bulk removal orders. For more information, go to [Remove inventory in bulk](/gp/help/200721270).

A per-item fee applies. For more information, go to [FBA removal order
fees](/gp/help/200685050).

Which method you use depends on the type and condition of the inventory you
want to remove. They are not mutually exclusive. You can have your inventory
returned to you or your designated recipient. Alternatively, if you don't want
to have the inventory returned to you, you can request that we recycle it or
dispose of it at the fulfillment center.

You can also choose to recover value from your excess and customer-returned
inventory through our [Value-recovery
services](/help/hub/reference/GBEP5S4XFH4RPZLF).

To learn more about removing your FBA inventory, watch this Seller University
video:

## Removal order process

Removal orders may take 90 days or more to process and leave the fulfillment
center. After the shipment has left the fulfillment center, allow an
additional two weeks for the carrier to deliver. If there are problems with
delivery, the carrier will attempt to contact you to resolve the problem. This
process cannot be expedited. The fulfillment centers process each removal
order in the order that they are created. We cannot expedite or prioritize any
removal order over the other. Large scale events like natural disasters and
pandemics could also cause the removal process to take longer than expected.

**Note:** Once our carrier has picked up your removed inventory, it will
contact your designated recipient to schedule delivery. If it cannot schedule
delivery, an Amazon team member will contact you to help resolve the issue.

Fulfillable inventory is available for buying until we remove it. If you want
to make it unavailable immediately, close your listing. To learn more, go to
[List products for Fulfillment by Amazon](/gp/help/200141220).

**Note:** Once a removal order is created, the address provided on the removal
order cannot be changed.

**Note:** Once a removal order is successfully created, we do not charge
storage fees on the units during the processing period until its completion.

## Removal order restrictions

We ship returns only to you, your warehouse, your supplier, or your
distributor. In addition, the following restrictions apply:

  * Inventory cannot be shipped to PO, APO, FPO, or DPO boxes. To ship to an address outside of the United States, see [International return providers](/tsba/searchpage/International%20Returns?sellIn=US&ref_=xx_spn_servs_irlst).

**Note:** This also applies if you have a unified account.

  * Inventory cannot be shipped to another fulfillment center.
  * Inventory cannot be used to send customer orders, gifts, or promotional items. 
  * Inventory classified as non-transportable dangerous goods can only be disposed of.

## Removal order packing and shipping

Removed inventory is packed and shipped to ensure safe transport of the units
while minimizing packaging and transportation costs. Packing and shipping
methods depend on the quantity, size and weight, and the current location of
the inventory you want to remove:

  * Small quantity removals originating from the same fulfillment center ship in the smallest box, envelope, or poly bag possible. This packaging may be identical to Amazon customer order packaging. 
  * Large quantity removals originating from the same fulfillment center are boxed and consolidated on pallets and shipped by freight carrier.
  * Small quantity removals of Ships in Product Packaging (SIPP) inventory ship in their own package without additional packaging.
  * Large quantity removals of SIPP inventory or oversized units that do not fit into a standard box are shrink-wrapped to a pallet. 
  * Case-packed inventory will be returned as individual items.

Removal orders can be shipped using small parcel carriers, such as USPS,
FedEx, UPS, or Amazon, or freight carriers, such as YRC/Roadway, Estes
Express.

If a freight carrier ships your removal order, the following restrictions
apply:

  * Pallets can only be delivered to a shipping dock or similar facility. 
  * Carriers only deliver to the address provided on the removal order. 
  * Freight deliveries require a signature at the time of delivery. 
  * Carriers charge you directly for any extra services beyond the basic delivery, including delivering the freight inside your facility. 

**Note:** If your inventory is located in different fulfillment centers, your
removal order may arrive in multiple shipments from different carriers.

##  Removal order canceled by Amazon

We may cancel a removal order if the inventory isn't available for removal,
for example, when itâ€™s part of a pending customer order.

**Note:** Canceled units are not removed from your inventory, so no units
would be added back and the units would start incurring storage fees. If you
feel that the units are missing, reconcile your inventory using fulfillment
reports.

If you disagree with our decision on canceling a removal order, submit another
request. The reasons to cancel can be specific to the related product. If we
cancel the second request, contact [Selling Partner Support](/cu/contact-us).

If you would like to cancel a removal order that you submitted, go to [Remove
inventory from a fulfillment center](/gp/help/201436560).

