---
title: Replacements for seller-fulfilled returns
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G9675EJHNZ2ZE3M5
section: General Documentation
---

Buyers with eligible seller-fulfilled returns have the option to select a
replacement under the [prepaid return label program](/gp/help/G202072200) if
their item arrived damaged, defective, or materially different.

**Note:** This option will be offered when the original item, in the same
quantity and condition, is in stock in your Seller Central account at the time
of the return request.

## How replacements work

  1. A buyer requests a free replacement for a seller-fulfilled item. 

  2. A zero-value instant replacement order is created on [Manage Orders](/orders-v3/ref=xx_myo_dnav_xx?page=1).

  3. You fulfill the replacement order upon receiving the request. 

  4. The buyer then returns the original item using the Amazon prepaid return label within 30 days from the time the replacement order was sent.

In some cases, we notify you to send the replacement order only after we’ve
received confirmation that the buyer has dropped off their original item.

## Seller protection

To safeguard sellers from bad returns, the following policies apply:

  * You can file for SAFE-T reimbursements if original items are returned damaged or materially different. To learn more, go to [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid return labels](/gp/help/G202175000). 
  * Additionally, you’re eligible for an automatic reimbursement if the buyer fails to return the original item to the carrier within 30 days of the replacement order being sent. Allow seven business days for the reimbursement to show up on your Payments page against the replacement order ID. 

## Returnless replacements

If you have a [returnless resolution rule](/gp/help/G202174940) set for an
item, you have the option of letting the buyer keep the original item if it
arrived damaged, defective, or materially different.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What if I don’t have inventory to fulfill the replacement order?

Buyers will be offered a replacement only if the original item is available
and in stock at the time of the return request. If no inventory is available,
buyers will only have the option to return the item for a refund.

#### How do I identify a replacement order in my account?

You can identify a replacement order on [Manage
Orders](/orders-v3/ref=xx_myo_dnav_xx?page=1). A **Replacement** badge will
appear next to the order ID.

#### How can I find the original order ID for a replacement order?

To find the original order on the **Order details** page, click **Replacement
order ID**. For more details, click **Original order ID**.

#### How do I know the return status of the original order?

To check the status of a return, follow these steps:  

  1. From the drop-down menu in Seller Central, select **Orders** and then select **Manage returns**.
  2. Select the order in question or enter the order ID and click **Search**.
  3. Click **More information** to find the return tracking information for the original order.

#### How do I know if a return request has a replacement order associated with
it?

You can identify if a return request has a replacement order placed against it
on [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx). A **Replacement
requested** badge will be present.

#### How do I find the replacement order ID tied to a return request?

You can find the replacement order ID for a return request on [Manage
Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx) by clicking **More
information**.

#### How do I know if a returnless replacement was issued on a return request?

If you have a [returnless resolution rule](/gp/help/G202174940) set for an
item, you have the option of letting the buyer keep the original item if it
arrived damaged, defective, or materially different. You can identify the type
of replacement provided by clicking the **More information** section of a
return request. For free replacements, **Replacement** will be listed as the
return resolution. For returnless replacements, **Returnless replacement**
will be listed as the return resolution.

#### How do I know if a return request is placed on a replacement order?

You can identify if a return request is made against a replacement order on
[Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx). A **Replacement**
badge will be present.

#### How can I find the original order ID for a replacement order?

You can find the original order ID for a replacement request on [Manage
Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx) by clicking **More
information**.

#### When am I able to file a SAFE-T claim for the original product?

Eligibility for SAFE-T reimbursement is based on the condition of the original
product and in accordance with the conditions outlined on [Reimbursement for
seller-fulfilled network prepaid return labels](/gp/help/G202175000).

#### Do I get paid for fulfilling a replacement order?

No. Replacement orders have no value, and you’re not paid or charged for any
difference in price between the original order and the replacement order.

#### Will I be charged a fee for a replacement order?

No. You’re not charged any additional fees for fulfilling replacement orders.

#### Can I provide another replacement if they buyer returns the replacement
order?

No. If the buyer is unhappy with a replacement item, they must return it for a
refund.

#### What happens if the buyer rejects the replacement or the carrier can’t
deliver it?

The replacement item will be returned to you.

#### How do I enroll or unenroll from replacements?

Replacements for seller-fulfilled returns are offered automatically as part
[prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G202072200).

