---
title: Report Infringement form: Enter ASINs in bulk
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G7BSUWMDGZZMJYNK
section: General Documentation
---

In the [Report Infringement form](https://www.amazon.com/report/infringement),
you can initiate a report of multiple products by entering a comma-separated
list of up to 50 ASINs, associated Amazon product detail page URLs, or both.
Enter your list into the search field and click **Search**. The search results
will include the specific ASINs, including ASINs parsed from URLs, that you
searched for.

For complete search results, make sure the list is formatted correctly. Each
ASIN or URL entered should be separated by a comma as shown in the examples
below.

**ASINs:**

B01DFKC2SO, B01J24C0TI

**URLs:**

https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Show-Alexa-Enabled-Black/dp/B01J24C0TI,
https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Dot-Portable-Bluetooth-Speaker-with-Alexa-
Black/dp/B01DFKC2SO/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1514490339&sr=8-6&keywords=Echo+show+plus

**ASINs and URLs:**

B01DFKC2SO, B01J24C0TI, https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Show-Alexa-Enabled-
Black/dp/B01J24C0TI, https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Dot-Portable-
Bluetooth-Speaker-with-Alexa-
Black/dp/B01DFKC2SO/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1514490339&sr=8-6&keywords=Echo+show+plus

The bulk entry tool will return results for the valid ASINs or URLs you
entered.

If your bulk entry includes invalid ASINs or URLs, they will be listed in the
search bar above the valid results with the text, “We couldn’t process the
data included above the line.” You can edit the invalid ASINs or URLs directly
in the search bar, ensure they are separated by commas, and click **Search**
again to reprocess the complete list of ASINs.

**Note:** The same product might have different ASINs in different Amazon
stores, such as amazon.co.uk vs. amazon.com. Make sure the ASIN you’re
entering is valid for the store you’re signed in to.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What is an ASIN?**

Amazon Standard Identification Numbers (ASINs) are unique blocks of 10 letters
or numbers that identify items in Amazon stores. You can find the ASIN on the
item's product detail page.

**What are Amazon product detail page URLs?**

An Amazon product detail page URL is the URL you see in your browser’s address
bar when you are viewing a detail page for a specific item in Amazon’s stores.
Valid product detail page URLs include the ASIN for the product.

**What is the maximum number of ASINs, URLs, or both I can enter?**

You can enter a total of up to 50 ASINs or product URLs.

