---
title: Report intellectual property infringements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202132860
section: General Documentation
---

The Report a Violation tool allows Rights Owners to easily search our entire
catalog for potential intellectual property (IP) infringements like trademark,
copyright, patent, and design right violations. For more information about IP
infringements, go to [Intellectual property
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GU5SQCEKADDAQRLZ).

If you’re a Rights Owner or a Registered Agent and don’t have access to Amazon
Brand Registry, you can submit reports of potential infringement using our
[Report Infringement form](https://www.amazon.com/report/infringement).

To get started using the Report a Violation tool, sign in to Brand Registry,
click **Protect** , and select **Report a violation**.

## Search for content in our stores

On the Report a Violation page, you can search across all of our stores for
ASINs, offers, and images. There are three ways that you can search for this
content:

  * **Text:** Search by product name, ASIN, product URL, brand name, or keyword. Learn more about [searching for ASINs in bulk](/help/hub/reference/GU8ZZK78DD5DUD5E).
  * **Order number:** Search by the 17-digit order number associated with your purchase. 
  * **Image:** Upload an image of your IP, such as copyrights or logos.

To begin your search, select one of our stores from the drop-down menu.

To search by text or order number, enter the corresponding information to the
search field and click **Search**. To search for an image, click **Browse** in
the **Search by image** section and select the image you want to search for.
You can also use the filters under the **Refine results by** section to narrow
your search results.

**Note:** If you’re searching by order number, ensure that the order was
placed in the selected store (for example, amazon.com) and was bought within
the last 180 days.

## Select content to report

Before you select content to report, review the following guidelines:

  * Be mindful of whether you’re selecting to report a specific offer or image associated with an ASIN or selecting the entire ASIN. When you select to report an entire ASIN, we’ll review the full ASIN for potential infringement violations, including all associated offers and images.
  * Ensure that the selected content type (that is, an ASIN, offer, or image) is relevant to the issue that you’re reporting. 

To select an ASIN, offer, or image to report, check the box next to the ASIN.
By checking this box, you’re indicating that you’d like to report the ASIN and
all of its associated offers and images.

To report specific offers or images associated with the ASIN, click **Show
offers** or **Show all images** and then check the box next to the appropriate
content. If you’re viewing a parent ASIN, click **Show all variations** to
expand the list and view all of the associated variations.

Once you’ve made your selection, click the **Select issue type** drop-down
menu that appears at the top of the search results table. Then, select the
type of infringement you want to report.

## Report infringements

Once you’ve selected the type of infringement you want to report, you’ll
automatically be directed to a new page where we’ll ask for additional
information. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete your report.

**Note:** Some options under **Additional information** may be unavailable
depending on the item (that is, ASIN, offer, or image) you've selected to
report. To enable these options, go back to the previous page and change your
item selection.

Before clicking **Submit** , review the guidelines below for each infringement
type.

**_Copyright infringement_**

  * We recommend that you complete a test buy to confirm that the product or packaging uses your copyrighted work. If you received the item and confirmed that the product or packaging uses your copyrighted work, enter the order number in the **What is the Order ID number?** field under **Additional information**.
  * If your copyrighted work is not registered, you can provide a link to an example of the work by selecting **Link to copyrighted work**. Alternatively, you can provide a detailed description of the copyrighted work by selecting **Description of copyrighted work**. 

**Note:** Avoid using general domain names (for example, drive.google.com or
dropbox.com) if you provide a description of your copyrighted work.

**_Patent infringement_**

  * Ensure that you’re providing a valid patent number that’s active and enforceable in the jurisdiction of the selected store. 
  * If you select **Potential violation of my utility patent** , you must have a court order, International Trade Commission (ITC) order, or Amazon Patent Evaluation Express (APEX) ID to complete your report.

**_Trademark infringement_**

  * Only trademarks added to your Brand Registry account and those enforceable in the jurisdiction of the selected store (for example, United States Patent and Trademark Office (USTPO) for amazon.com) can be selected. If you don’t see a specific trademark in the drop-down menu, ensure that you’ve selected content in the relevant store. You can also contact the trademark office to check if the trademark has expired or been declined. 
  * We recommend that you complete a test buy to confirm that the product or packaging uses your trademark. If you received the item and confirmed that the product or packaging uses your trademark, enter the order number in the **What is the Order ID number?** field under **Additional information**.
  * We will not enforce descriptive elements of trademarks particularly when there is an express disclaimer or a Distinctiveness Limitation Statement in the trademark application.

##  **Retract a report of infringement**

To retract a report that was submitted through the Report a Violation tool,
follow the steps below:  

  1. Click **Monitor** and select **Submission history.**
  2. Scroll down the page to find the complaint you want to retract. Click **Open details** next to the corresponding complaint ID.
  3. Scroll down the page and click **Retract a complaint** above the **Status** column. 

**Note:** Only complaints that are accepted or under review can be retracted.
You can’t retract complaints that have not been accepted.

