---
title: Report a Violation tool: Search for ASINs in bulk
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GU8ZZK78DD5DUD5E
section: General Documentation
---

In the [Report a Violation](https://brandregistry.amazon.com/brand/report-a-
violation) tool, you can now search for multiple ASINs at one time by entering
a comma-separated list of up to 100 ASINs, associated Amazon product detail
page URLs, or both. Simply enter your list into the search field, select your
desired store from the drop-down menu, and click **Search**. The search
results will only include the specific ASINs, including ASINs parsed from
URLs, that you searched for.

For complete search results, make sure the list is formatted correctly. Each
ASIN or URL must be separated by a comma as shown in the examples below.

**ASINs:**

B01DFKC2SO, B01J24C0TI

**URLs:**

https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Show-Alexa-Enabled-Black/dp/B01J24C0TI,
https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Dot-Portable-Bluetooth-Speaker-with-Alexa-
Black/dp/B01DFKC2SO/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1514490339&sr=8-6&keywords=Echo+show+plus

**ASINs and URLs:**

B01DFKC2SO, B01J24C0TI, https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Show-Alexa-Enabled-
Black/dp/B01J24C0TI, https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Echo-Dot-Portable-
Bluetooth-Speaker-with-Alexa-
Black/dp/B01DFKC2SO/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1514490339&sr=8-6&keywords=Echo+show+plus

The bulk search tool will only return results for the valid ASINs or URLs that
you entered.

If your bulk search includes invalid ASINs or URLs, they will be listed in the
search bar above the valid results with the following text: “We couldn’t
process the data included above the line.” You can edit the invalid ASINs or
URLs directly in the search bar, ensure they are separated by commas, and
click **Search** again to reprocess the complete list of ASINs.

**Note** : The same product might have different ASINs on different Amazon
stores, like amazon.co.uk versus amazon.com. Make sure that the ASIN you are
searching for is valid for the store that you selected in the drop-down menu.

## Frequently asked questions

**What is an ASIN?**

An Amazon standard identification number (ASIN) is a unique combination of 10
letters and numbers that identifies items within Amazon's product catalog. You
can find an item's ASIN on its product detail page.

**How do I identify an Amazon product detail page URL?**

An Amazon product detail page URL is the URL that you see in your browser’s
address bar when you are viewing a detail page for a specific item on an
Amazon website. Valid product detail page URLs include the ASIN for the
product.

**What is the maximum number of ASINs, URLs, or both that I can search for
using the bulk tool?**

You can enter up to 100 ASINs or product URLs into the search field.

