---
title: Requirements and Restrictions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200253000
section: General Documentation
---

##

Currently, the Add a Product tool is available in the following categories:

  * Baby Products (excluding Baby Apparel)
  * Books*
  * Camera & Photo
  * Computer and Video Games
  * DVDs*
  * Electronics
  * Grocery
  * Health & Personal Care
  * Home & Garden (including Pets)
  * Music*
  * Musical Instruments
  * Office Products
  * Personal Computers
  * Pet Supplies
  * Software
  * Sporting Goods
  * Tools and Hardware
  * Toys & Games
  * Videos*
  * Video Games
  * Everything Else (excluding ineligible categories)

* For more information, see [Selling media products](/gp/help/200316060).

Selling in some categories requires prior approval from Amazon. For more
details, see [Categories and products requiring
approval](/gp/help/G200333160). The Add a Product tool is not available to
sellers approved to list in the Beauty, Jewelry, or Watches categories.

We ask sellers not to list products until the appropriate category is
available to them. Intentionally creating product pages in the wrong product
category is prohibited, and product pages found to be in violation will be
removed. We may also take steps to close a seller's account.

The Everything Else category is available to all sellers primarily for
collectibles such as coins and stamps, and other products that do not clearly
fit within other categories. Do not list a product in the Everything Else
category that belongs in a category that requires approval.

##  Page creation restrictions

Some products cannot be sold on the Amazon website. Refrain from creating
product detail pages for these products:

  * [Restricted products](/gp/help/200164330)
  * [Selling textbooks](/gp/help/200386280)
  * [Sell software](/gp/help/200386270)

Additionally, sellers must adhere to Amazon rules for the creation of new
product detail pages. You can review our policies in the [Product detail page
rules](/gp/help/200390640).

We do not allow duplicate product detail pages. Before creating a new page,
sellers should determine if the product is already on Amazon. Sellers can
submit additional product details or submit corrections to errors on existing
product pages.

Software products offered on our international retail websites are generally
ineligible for listing on Amazon. Sellers can create product detail pages for
Books, Music, DVD, Video, and Video Games products that are already listed for
sale on Amazon's international sites. For more information, see [Selling
international media products](/gp/help/201215040).

##  Product identifier

Most categories require that you use a Global Trade Identification Number
(GTIN), such as a UPC, ISBN, or EAN, as a product identifier when creating new
product pages or matching to existing pages in the catalog. For more
information, see [Product UPCs and GTINs](/gp/help/200317470). The table in
the [Overview of category UPC requirements](/gp/help/200317520) page
summarizes the requirements for each category, including exceptions and
exemptions. If you are not sure where to find the product identifier for your
item, or if you have to obtain product codes for items you manufacture, see
[Find your product ID](/gp/help/G200211450).

Product identifier is a unique identifier of your product. It is a 10 to
14-digit number that is commonly known as a Barcode or Global Trade Item
Numbers (GTINs). We require standard product identifiers or barcodes for most
categories except for sport collectibles.

Read more on how to [Find your Product ID](/gp/help/G200211450).

