---
title: Resolving inbound performance alerts
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G3FFQ2AHWU69GTDW
section: General Documentation
---

To help streamline the inventory process in our fulfillment centers, we
provide notifications to sellers in the **Shipment summary** page when
inbounding problems occur. You can review, acknowledge, and resolve these
problem notifications as described below.

## Resolve the problem

If we suspend your shipping capabilities due to an inventory shipment issue,
you can apply for the restoration of shipment creation privileges for that
product by either acknowledging the problem or, if applicable, submitting a
dispute request.

## Acknowledge the problem

Follow the steps below to acknowledge problems in Seller Central.

  1. On the [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html?language=en_US&ref=ag_xx_cont_G201265330) page, in the first column, click "View problems" for a shipment with problems.

  2. On the **Shipment summary** page, go to the **Problems** tab to see specific shipment- or product-related problems.

  3. Click the **View Details** button for an affected item. In the **Problem reported** tab of the pop-up window, you will see a description of the problem and how to avoid it in the future. If images were captured for your product, they will also be shown here. 

  4. To finish, click the **Acknowledge** button. 

If you try to add a suspended product to a shipping plan on the [Manage
Inventory](/inventory) page, you will receive an error message if you have not
acknowledged the problem.

On the **Manage Inventory** page, click **Resolve Now** to review and
acknowledge the problem.

**Note:** We remove suspensions once you acknowledge the product or shipment
with problems.

## Dispute the problem

After reviewing the problems details (as described above), if you believe that
a problem did not occur as described, follow the steps below to submit a
dispute request in Seller Central.

  1. On the [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html?language=en_US&ref=ag_xx_cont_G201265330) page, in the first column, click "View problems" for a shipment with problems.

  2. On the **Shipment summary** page, go to the **Problems** tab to see specific shipment- or product-related problems.

  3. Click the **View Details** button for an affected item. In the **Problem reported** tab of the pop-up window, you will see a description of the problem and how to avoid it in the future. If images were captured for your product, they will also be shown here. 

  4. If you disagree with the problem, click on the **Submit dispute** tab. We may request additional information from you. 

  5. Once you submit the request, we will create a case for you and send you an email confirmation. You may be asked to attach additional evidence to your case within 7 days to complete the request. For example, you may be asked to submit an image of your prepared or labeled product for us to help solve the problem.

Before submitting a problem dispute related to preparation issues, check [item
classifications](/gp/help/201021850) to verify the exact preparation required
for your product. For more information, see [FBA Prep Video
Tutorials](/gp/help/G201003440).

**Note:** You will have up to 30 days to submit a problem dispute from the
date we notify you of the problem.

To see the status of your dispute, visit your [case log](/cu/case-
lobby?ref=xx_caselog_cont_home) in Seller Central and search by Shipment ID.

## See also

[Inbound performance alerts](/gp/help/GGG8BFCDWM4ZY4DU)

[Inbound performance feedback in Seller Central](/gp/help/GKXFMU67GUD45GUZ)

