---
title: Restricted Products FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/CYAVS22E6CQKV2B
section: General Documentation
---

#### What are my responsibilities when listing a product for sale on Amazon?

If you supply goods on Amazon, you are responsible for ensuring that your
listings comply with all local, state, and federal laws and Amazon policy.
Failure to comply with applicable laws and Amazon policy may result in the
removal of your selling privileges.

#### If I see a listing that violates Amazon's policies or applicable law,
where can I report it?

For complete instructions, go to [Report a violation of selling
policies](/gp/help/200444420).

#### My ASIN was removed from the website for a restricted products
violation—now what?

Review our policies on restricted products. Our [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/G200164330) policy pages serve as an informational guide to
products that are permitted and prohibited on Amazon.

#### I reviewed the Restricted Products policy pages and believe my product
was removed in error. What can I do?

If you believe a product has been removed in error, contact [Selling Partner
Support](/cu/contact-us) and provide the ASIN number and a detailed
justification for reinstatement. Ensure that you follow all instructions in
the Restricted Products notification prior to contacting Seller Support.

Amazon is continually making adjustments to the systems we use to detect
restricted products. Occasionally, the system may remove products that are
allowed on the site. This may be due to incomplete or inaccurate product
information, or simply a system error.

#### I have moved a restricted product listing to Out of Stock (OOS) status.
Is my listing compliant with Amazon’s Restricted Products policy?

No. Please note that moving a listing to OOS does not make the listing
compliant. Failure to properly close or delete all restricted product listings
from your inventory may result in the removal of your selling privileges. If
you think your product was incorrectly identified as a restricted product on
Amazon, close the listing immediately to ensure compliance while you appeal
the restriction with Selling Partner Support.

#### I do not see the exact product I am selling on the Restricted Products
policy pages, but I see something similar. Can I go ahead and list my product?

You should not assume a product is permitted simply because it is not on our
Restricted Products policy pages. You should also check to make sure the
product is compliant with all applicable federal, state, and local laws.

#### What is Amazon's policy on recalled products?

Listings for any products recalled by the manufacturer or any government
agency or regulatory body are prohibited.

#### What are my responsibilities if my product will be exported/imported to
another country?

You must comply with all applicable laws when importing, exporting, and
selling products on Amazon. That includes the trade control laws of the United
States or any other jurisdiction in question. Whether the trade control laws
of a particular jurisdiction applies will depend on your location, the country
of export, the country of import, the country of origin of your product, and
other factors. You are responsible for determining the applicability of the
trade control laws and obtaining any required government authorizations, and
will be liable for any penalties resulting from non-compliance.

#### I sell many different products. How can I ensure I don’t accidentally
violate Amazon’s restricted products policies?

There are few things you can do:

  * Assign an employee to review each product you plan to sell. They should have current knowledge of the products, the industry, and laws.
  * Review the restricted product policy, examples of prohibited listings, and your product catalog on a regular basis. This includes anything you upload using an automated system.
  * If you are buying from a source other than the manufacturer, be certain about the origin of products you sell and if they are compliant in the location you intend to sell them.

#### Will Amazon pre-approve my listings?

Amazon will not pre-approve listings. It is your responsibility to carefully
review Amazon policies and applicable law before listing a product. Laws
change frequently, so sellers should monitor regulatory changes and take
appropriate action. We encourage you to consult with legal counsel if you have
questions about the laws and regulations concerning your products.

#### How do Restricted Products violations impact my ability to sell on
Amazon?

Restricted Products violations can result in the removal of your selling
privileges. To ensure that your account remains in good standing, you should
make sure that you are aware of any policies or restrictions that apply to the
products you sell and respond quickly to notifications that you receive.

#### How do I handle customer returns for restricted products?

Follow the [standard return process](/gp/help/200708210) including
international return policy, to handle return requests.

#### I am an FBA seller. How does this impact my shipments and existing
inventory?

We do not accept inbound shipments of restricted products to FBA. Please see
our [FBA Policies and Requirements](/gp/help/G201030350) and [Required
Removal](/gp/help/G202000820) policy.

#### I have orders that were placed prior to the policy change. What will
happen to my performance metrics if I fulfill or cancel those orders?

You are able to fulfill the orders that were placed prior to the policy change
without an adverse impact to your account health.

