---
title: Returns FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5A85XXCZDQ48A8T
section: General Documentation
---

#### What is the Amazon prepaid return label program?

Our prepaid return label program provide buyers with prepaid return shipping
labels on your behalf through our Buy Shipping services. For more information,
go to [Prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G202072200) and
[About our returns policies](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=15015721).

#### How can I contact a buyer regarding returns and refunds?

If you need more information about a return request from a buyer, follow these
steps:  

  1. Go to [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx?mons_redirect=stck_reroute).
  2. Locate the specific return or replacement request.
  3. Click **Contact buyer**.

For more information, go to [Communicate with buyers using the Buyer-Seller
Messaging Service](/gp/help/G200389080).

#### How and when can I complete or close a buyer’s return request?

Here are a few situations in which you can complete or close a return request
through [Manage
Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx?mons_redirect=stck_reroute):

  * You decided not to accept an out-of-policy return request that required your authorization, for example, because the return window has passed. 
  * You provided a refund without requiring that the buyer return the product (returnless refund).
  * You issued a partial refund or concession in lieu of a return and the buyer didn’t return the item.
  * The buyer canceled the return request.
  * The return request is a duplicate.

#### Why is the buyer being granted a refund before I received the item?

For eligible returns, our refund at first scan policy results in a refund to
the buyer when the item is dropped off and scanned at the point of drop-off.
For more information, go to [Refund at first scan for seller-fulfilled
returns](/help/hub/reference/GYLYQWNG8LZ9JNJP).

#### An item has been returned in a used, damaged, or materially different
condition. What are my options?

For cases where you’re required to issue a refund and the item that was
returned is in a used, damaged, or materially different condition, you can
charge the buyer a restocking fee. Follow these steps:  

  1. Go to [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx?mons_redirect=stck_reroute).
  2. Find the relevant return request.
  3. Click **Issue refund**.
  4. Select **Charge restocking fee**. 

For more information, go to [Guidelines for charging restocking
fees](/gp/help/G201725780) and [Issue a partial
refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650140).

If the refund was issued by Amazon (for example, through refund at first scan)
and the buyer hasn’t filed an A-to-z Guarantee claim, you may be eligible to
file a reimbursement claim. For more information, go to [Reimbursement for
seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).

#### I granted a refund to the buyer before receiving the item, which turned
out to be damaged or materially different. What should I do?

For orders that weren’t granted a refund at first scan, we strongly advise
that you wait until you receive the item back from the buyer and examine it
before you issue a refund. Refunds issued by sellers cannot be disputed.

If you allow the buyer to keep the original item (a returnless refund), you
would issue the refund without expecting a return.

#### How do I issue a partial refund for a return?

You can issue a partial refund through [Manage
Returns](/gp/returns/list/v2/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx?mons_redirect=stck_reroute) if
there’s a return request for the order ID. For more information, go to [Issue
a partial refund](/help/hub/reference/G201650140).

#### Why was I charged the shipping cost for a prepaid label return?

The cost of return shipping may be your responsibility, depending on the
reason for the return. For example, if you sent an incorrect or damaged
product, you cannot deduct the original shipping or return shipping costs from
the refund. You must provide a full refund to the buyer.

For returns where the buyer is at fault, such as an accidental order or where
the buyer found a better price elsewhere, you can deduct the cost of return
shipping from the refund.

In cases where Amazon issued the refund, the return shipping cost is charged
automatically to the buyer or seller depending on who is at fault.

#### How do I provide buyers with a return label for items that are exempt
from the prepaid return label program?

To provide a prepaid return label to the buyer for exempt items, follow the
steps described in [Upload a prepaid return label](/gp/help/G201711740).

#### How do I track my returns?

To track a specific return, go to [Manage
Returns](/gp/returns/list/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx), locate the relevant return
request, and click **More information**. The tracking information appears
under **Shipping details**.

#### What should I do if the buyer claims they haven’t received a refund after
I issued the refund?

Ask the buyer to wait three to five business days for the refund to be
processed. After that, they can reach out to Amazon Customer Service directly
to inquire about the status of their refund.

#### How do I handle replacement orders?

To learn about handling replacement orders, go to [Replacements for seller-
fulfilled returns](/gp/help/G9675EJHNZ2ZE3M5).

#### The buyer received the replacement but hasn’t sent back the original
item. What are my options?

When a buyer requests a free replacement for their damaged, defective, or
materially different item, you must fulfill the order upon receiving the
replacement request. The buyer has 30 days to return the original item from
the time the replacement order was sent, using the Amazon prepaid return label
that was provided.

Where you’re required to send the replacement item before the original item is
returned and the buyer doesn’t return the original item to the carrier within
30 days of when you sent the replacement, we’ll automatically issue you a
refund. Wait an additional seven business days for the refund to show up on
your Payments page for the replacement order ID. You won’t be eligible for a
SAFE-T reimbursement in this case.

In some cases, we’ll notify you to send the replacement order only after we’ve
received confirmation that the buyer dropped off their original item. In this
situation, we strongly advise that you wait until you receive a replacement
request before sending the replacement. You won’t be eligible for a SAFE-T
reimbursement for replacement items that are sent without a replacement
request.

#### Can I dispute a refund that Amazon issued for an order that the buyer
claims wasn’t delivered when I have proof of delivery?

You may be eligible for reimbursement in the following cases:

  * You bought a “claims protected” shipping label through our Buy Shipping services, and the tracking confirms that the order was sent on time and met the maximum estimated delivery date. 
  * You provided a signature confirmation of delivery to the buyer’s address, and the tracking confirms that the order was sent on time and met the maximum estimated delivery date. 

For more information, go to [Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network
prepaid returns](/help/hub/reference/G202175000).

#### See also

  * [About our returns policies](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=15015721)
  * [Issue concessions](/gp/help/200359070)
  * [FBA customer returns policy](/gp/help/200379860)

