---
title: Returns Provider program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GX9KNCF6855SEPBN
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon launched the Returns Provider program especially for international
sellers shipping to US customers who currently do not have a US domestic
return address, thereby making it costly and operationally difficult for them
to manage returns on their own. The Returns Provider program is comprised of
service providers who provide returns management services and can handle the
return process on your behalf.

Through the Returns Provider program, you can choose from a selection of
service providers based on your returns-related needs. All service providers
have US domestic warehouses where they will receive returns shipments. Once
you have established an agreement with a service provider, your default return
address will automatically be updated to your selected service provider’s
domestic warehouse address. This will allow Amazon to issue an [Amazon Prepaid
Return Label (APRL)](/gp/help/G202072200) for your returns with the domestic
shipping address of the service provider’s warehouse. Based on the specific
returns services in your contract, the service providers could receive and
grade the returned items to assess its condition and can offer value recovery
services such as reselling, repairs, and liquidation, and pass on the recovery
value to you.

You are not required to use the services of any service provider for returns-
related services. Any agreement for services is between you and the service
provider. Amazon is not party to any services agreement and does not make any
representations or have any responsibility or liability with respect to the
services agreement.

## Frequently asked questions

#### How can I use the Returns Provider program?

To enroll in the Returns Provider program:  

  1. Log into Seller Central, go to **Orders** , and then click **Manage Returns**.
  2. Click **Edit returns settings** , and then select **Return Program Settings** and look for the **Returns Provider program** tab.

On this page, you will see a list of service providers and a description of
their services and pricing information. Look over the information and select
the service provider that fits your returns needs through the **Contact
Provider(s)** button. This will help establish communication with the service
provider. The service provider receiving your message will then reach out to
you within approximately 2 business days via email or phone to talk about
working together. The service provider will accordingly update the portal with
progress on the requests. Once an agreement has been finalized between you and
the service provider, the service provider will update your service request to
**Work Started**. You can view your existing service requests and their status
on [Manage Service Requests](/spnsellerdashboard/ref=xx_masdis_dnav_xx?TOTAL).
At this point, Amazon will update your default return address to the service
provider’s domestic warehouse address. You will also get an email confirming
the service provider enrollment and the address change.

#### What are the benefits of using a service provider who is a part of the
Returns Provider program?

Amazon has reviewed and examined the service providers’ information to ensure
that they would be able to help meet the needs of returns-related services in
the Returns Provider program. These providers are familiar with the type of
challenges you face as a seller when it comes to managing returns.

#### Will Amazon provide guidance on how to select a service provider?

Amazon is not able to provide advice on which service provider to choose.
However, you can choose service providers in a self-serve manner by going
through their service descriptions and rate cards, and comparing service
providers by viewing seller reviews, ratings, and number of orders completed.
Amazon does not endorse any service provider or its services.

#### What is the fee structure on the Returns Provider services?

The fee structure varies across the service providers who participate in this
program. All fees are between you and the relevant provider. Amazon does not
determine prices or participate in any pricing related discussion between you
and the service provider.

#### Is the contract through Amazon or directly with the service provider?

You will sign a contract directly with the service provider. Any agreement for
services is between you and the service provider. Amazon is not party to any
services agreement and does not make any representations or have any
responsibility or liability with respect to the services agreements. Any
issues or questions related to services should be directed to the service
provider.

#### Will I have to enroll in the Amazon Prepaid Return Label (APRL) program?

As per Amazon policy, all US sellers are automatically enrolled into the
Amazon Prepaid Return Label program. Using the US domestic return address
either provided by you or established as part of your use of a service
provider, Amazon will issue a shipping label on your behalf with the service
provider’s address to the customer, ensuring the customer has a seamless
return experience.

For more information, see [Prepaid returns for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/G202072200).

For information on shipping costs through the APRL program, see [Shipping
costs for seller-fulfilled returns](/gp/help/G202103400).

#### How will my customers get their refund issued?

Items that are returned using APRL will be issued a [Refund at First Scan
(RFS)](/gp/help/GYLYQWNG8LZ9JNJP) for eligible returns. In cases where Amazon
does not issue an RFS, you are required to follow the standard process of
issuing a refund within two business days of receipt of a return at the
service provider’s warehouse or, if you do not use a service provider, at your
designated address to receive returns. If you do not take appropriate action
on refund issuance, Amazon will refund the customer on your behalf and charge
the amount to your Seller account.

For more information on refunds, see [Issue refunds and concessions for
seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/GU7K5N5GUP67M4X9).

#### What happens if the returned item is lost or I receive a materially
different item after the customer is issued a refund?

In the event that you receive a return that is customer damaged or materially
different, you may refer to the [Reimbursement policy for Prepaid Return
Labels (PRL) in the seller-fulfilled network](/gp/help/G202175000) to file the
[SAFE-T claim](/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx) in Seller Central within 60
days of a refund being charged to your account.

#### Can I contract with multiple service providers?

Yes. Your default return address will be set to the latest service provider’s
address. You may use the other service providers’ addresses to set up
overrides to support multiple return addresses in the US store only. You can
either configure a rule or specify SKUs for which you want to use a different
service providers’ return address.

For more information, see [Multiple return addresses](/gp/help/G202183780).

#### Will I be able to update my return address any time after my service
provider enrollment?

Yes, you can update your default return address anytime with another return
address.

#### What should I do if I want to stop using a service provider who is part
of the Returns Provider program?

You should contact your service provider to terminate the agreement and stop
the services provided.

Once you have terminated the agreement with a service provider, the service
provider will notify Amazon of the termination, and your default return
address will then be automatically set to the return address last provided and
updated by you before a service provider engagement was established. If you do
not have a return address in your address book, we will update your default
return address to your business address.

