---
title: Return address settings
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201711720
section: General Documentation
---

The **Manage Return Addresses** tab on the [Return
Settings](/gp/returns/settings/) page in Seller Central allows you to adjust
your return address settings for all stores where you sell. You can identify
the store for the settings that you would like to edit under the
**Marketplace** column. To change your existing return address settings,
select from the drop-down menu and click **Save settings** to save the
changes.

## Set your default return address

Your default return address is the address that will be used on all returns in
a given store. It will be printed on the return label for all return requests,
unless otherwise specified through your **Return Address Preference**. In some
cases, the default return address may also be the business address that is
associated with your selling account. You can add a specific return address
for any of the stores that you sell in.

**Note:** If returns of seller-fulfilled items through Amazonâ€™s Prepaid
Returns Label program are undeliverable due to an incorrect return address,
these will be deemed abandoned. We may dispose of these units in the manner we
deem appropriate (such as by selling, recycling, donating, or otherwise
disposing). We will retain any proceeds that we may receive from the disposal.
Amazon may notify you in such cases, to allow you to correct your return
address. If you fail to do so, your right to sell on Amazon may be revoked.

To set your default return address, follow these steps in Seller Central:

  1. Click the settings icon, and then click **Return Settings**.

  2. Go to the **Manage Return Addresses** tab. You will see all of the default return addresses for each of the stores that you sell in.

  3. Click the **pencil icon** of the store for which you want to edit the address.

  4. From the pop-up menu, select the default return address that you would like to use, and click **Use this address**.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/Default_return_address_Manage_your_return_US.png)

## Manage your return address preferences

The Return Address Preference settings allows you to specify which return
address you would like to use.

  * **Default Return Address** : Returns will be sent to the default return address that is selected in your return address settings.
  * **Closest Return Address** : Returns will be sent to the return address that is closest to the buyer.
  * **Shipped from Address** : Returns will be sent back to the address from which the order was shipped from.

**Note:** In case the closest return address is outside of your store's
country in which you are selling, returns will be sent to your Default Return
Address. When a return request contains multiple items that were shipped from
different locations, your returns will be sent to your default return address.

If your default return address is outside of your store's country in which you
are selling, you must adhere to the international seller-fulfilled returns
policy. For more information, go to [Customer returns for international
sales](/gp/help/G201468550).

In some cases, you may also want to provide a different return address for
specific SKUs. For more information, go to [Multiple return
addresses](/gp/help/G202183780).

## Add a new return address

To add a new return address, follow these steps:  

  1. Click the **Manage your return address** link on the right-hand side of your screen.
  2. Click **Add new address** and enter the details of the new address.
  3. Click **Add address**.

This address can be selected as a return address for any of your existing
stores.

