---
title: Rufus, Amazon’s AI-powered conversational shopping assistant
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYYH9SLHSTHKT3CZ
section: General Documentation
---

Rufus is Amazon’s new generative AI-powered conversational shopping assistant.
Rufus is designed to help customers save time and make more informed purchase
decisions by answering questions on a variety of shopping needs and products
right in the Amazon Shopping app - it’s like a shopping assistant for
customers in our store.

Amazon customers can interact with Rufus on the up-to-date Amazon Shopping app
by opening the app and tapping on the Rufus icon (chat bubbles with sparkle)
on the navigation bar at the bottom of the screen. Once the Rufus chat box
appears customers can either type or tap on the microphone to ask their
questions. Rufus will answer their question in the chat box and also suggest
follow up questions.

## How do customers use Rufus?

Rufus helps customers make more informed shopping decisions. Using Rufus,
shoppers are:

  * Understanding product details and hearing what other customers say
  * Getting product recommendations
  * Comparing options
  * Getting the latest product updates
  * Accessing current and past orders
  * Answering questions not obviously related to shopping

## Providing feedback

Rufus is trained on Amazon’s extensive product catalog, customer reviews,
community Q&As, product detail pages and information from across the web to
answer questions on a variety of shopping needs and products, provide
comparisons, and more.

It’s still early days for both generative AI and Rufus, and the technology
won’t always get it exactly right. We will keep improving our AI models and
fine-tune responses to continuously make Rufus more helpful over time. If an
answer is incorrect or unhelpful, you can provide feedback by pressing the
thumbs down button in the app or by using the help center. Your feedback is
important and it will help us improve the experience further.

For specific questions about your product like "What are the dimensions?" or
"Is this machine washable?", we use information found on your product’s detail
page. If you notice any discrepancy in the answers, verify that the product
detail page has the most up to date information before submitting a ticket via
the [help center](/help/center).

When submitting a ticket through the [help center](/help/center), make sure
that you provide the following information:

  * The product ASIN.
  * A screen shot of the question and the response received.
  * The nature of the issue: You can choose from "inaccurate or outdated product information", "answer is incomplete or missing information", "response is not answering the question", or "the answer can be improved."
  * Any additional details that could be relevant along with the expected response.
  * To help us verify the issue and make the necessary fix, also provide any of the following:
    * A screen shot of the specific section of the ASIN listing that has the discrepancy.
    * Any product or user manuals with the relevant information.
    * Information from the manufacturer’s website.

Once you’ve submitted the issue, we will investigate it, and make any needed
updates.

