---
title: Safety and compliance verification for Private Brands products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZR95BWRLUAD37C5
section: General Documentation
---

All Amazon Private Brands products must demonstrate continuous adherence to
safety and compliance. As a Private Brands seller, you are responsible for
complying with local laws, regulations, and Amazon policies.

We verify the safety and compliance of all Amazon Private Brands products,
during the product’s development and when the product is listed in our stores.

## Products in development

During product development, we verify that all Amazon Private Brands products
are compliant with all of the specified safety and compliance requirements in
the [product type protocol](https://privatebrandsportal.com/) by reviewing:

  * Product design 
  * Bill of materials
  * Manufacturing process
  * Material source
  * Test reports of production samples

## Products in production

We verify that every Private Brands product listed in our stores remains
compliant with all specified safety and compliance requirements in the
[product type protocol](https://privatebrandsportal.com/).

Each year, for products to receive a safety and compliance approval, we must
receive updated safety and compliance documents. We use these documents to
verify that your Private Brands product is compliant with all current
requirements specified in our protocols. We may require additional compliance
testing, verification, and approval for Private Brands products when
regulations change, or when there are changes to the product design, material,
or manufacturing process.

## Notification of testing and verification

We will send you a notification 90 days before your product’s compliance
approval expiration date, or when regulatory or product changes require
additional testing and verification. The notification will provide you with
the upcoming approval expiration date, and the protocol information for your
product type. We require verification that the product is compliant to all
requirements in the protocol before the expiration date.

## Product testing requirements

We only accept test reports from Amazon approved accredited third-party
laboratories.

## Policy violations

If we don’t receive updated compliance documents before the product’s safety
and compliance approval expiration date, we may not issue new purchase orders
for the products, and we could remove the products from sale in the Amazon
store. We reserve the right to take any further actions that may be necessary
in our sole discretion.

**Disclaimer** : The information provided on this page does not, and is not
intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials
available on this site are for general informational purposes only.

