---
title: Sales Rank FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202059240
section: General Documentation
---

#### How is sales rank calculated?

Sales rank is calculated based on all-time sales of an ASIN/Product where
recent sales are weighted more than older sales.

#### Why do I not see any sales rank for my Product/ASIN?

Sales ranks are displayed for an ASIN with a sale record and if it has been
assigned to the featured categories. Sales ranks are not generated for all
categories because not all of them are useful to our customers. While we
update best sellers list every hour, it can take up to 12 hours for an order
to show the sales rank. In some cases not seeing a sales rank can be because
of filtering rules applied during sales rank generation.

**Note:** Featured categories are special browse nodes. You can check with
Selling Partner Support if you have been assigned to the correct featured
categories.

#### Why did my sales rank reduce or not increase after having a lot of sales?

Sales ranks are relative. While your product has had a lot of sales, there may
have been other products in the same category that might also have seen an
increase. Also sales rank takes into account both recent and historical sales
to determine rank.

#### How are variations handled when it comes to sales rank?

Variations handling depends on the Website Display Group (wdg) of the parent
ASIN. In some stores, we add up all the sales for a child ASIN and apply it to
the parent ASIN. In these stores, parent ASINs and child ASINs will have the
same rank. In other stores, we count the orders for each child ASIN separately
and generate sales rank for each child ASIN. Ensure that your child and parent
ASINs are assigned to the same website display group, and the parent ASIN has
the right browse categories assigned to it or you might not see a sales rank
for the same.

#### How can I get a best seller badge?

Best seller badges are achievement awards that are assigned to those ASINâ€™s
that are featured as #1 in a featured category with at least 100 products. In
addition to this, there are ordering thresholds that are placed on ASINs.
These are different in different marketplaces. We do not show best seller
badges on product detail pages for stores where orders of the child ASINs are
assigned to the parent and a sales rank is generated for the parent ASIN. We
keep revisiting and experimenting with this criteria to ensure our best seller
badges continue to be useful to our customers.

#### How can I get a New release badge?

New release badges are achievements awards provided to ASINs that are #1 best
sellers among the new releases in a category. The definition of new release
varies from category to category. Ensure that the release date (street date),
publication date (if applicable) and product site launch date for your ASINs
are accurate.

#### Why do free books not show 3 sub category ranks?

This is a known issue that affects free e-books. The issue is caused because
e-books are also categorized in physical book categories and requires a
complex fix. We will fix this, at the latest, by end of year 2016.

#### How can I fix an issue with my Product/ASINs image on the best seller
list pages?

The best seller list requires a medium resolution image. You can use the self-
service media management tool to ensure that the image is uploaded correctly.

#### Why does another product with lesser reviews or poorer ratings have a
higher sales rank than my product?

Sales rank is generated based on order data and product reviews are not taken
into consideration. Also number of reviews is not necessarily a direct
indication of the number of sales.

#### Why is there an increase in sales rank, when Kindle Unlimited reports
does not show an increase in qualified consumption?

The impact of Kindle Unlimited (KU) borrow on sales rank is based on
considering aspects of the borrow that are different than the one used to
generate the author payout. For questions on KU payout, contact your Kindle
support specialist.

