---
title: Same-day handling
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLL8GJCFS23K333Q
section: General Documentation
---

Same-day handling time allows you to promise customers a faster delivery
timeline that reflects your ability to pick, pack, and ship a product the same
day of receiving an order.

**Note:** Same Day handling time should not be confused with Same-day
delivery. For same-day handling time, all orders received **before the order
cut-off time** must be shipped and confirmed **during the day the order was
received** to avoid late shipments. All orders received **after the order cut-
off time** must be shipped and confirmed **during the next day** after the
order was received. For Premium Shipping (Same-day delivery, Next-day
delivery, and Two-day delivery), the delivery date is automatically set and
you are always required to ship a product the same day as long as the order is
received before the order cut-off time.

To set same-day handling time, you have two options:

  * Set same-day handling time as your account level default handling time by editing **Default Handling Time** in **General Shipping Settings** page. This option is available to all professional sellers.

**Note:** When setting your default handling time to same-day, you can also
consider setting a longer handling time specifically for ASINs that take
longer to prepare via Seller Centralâ€™s [Manage All
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_xx?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;)
tool (one product at a time) or inventory file templates uploads (for bulk
updates). The ASIN-specific handling time will over-ride the account level
handling time.

  * Opt in for same-day handling time for specific shipping templates if you have proven ability to meet the following performance requirements on a trailing 30-day basis. Same-day handling time on your shipping templates only applies to Standard and Expedited shipping options.

    * An [on-time delivery rate](/gp/help/200633610) of at least 97% across all your shipments
    * A [late shipment rate](/gp/help/200285190) less than 4% across all your shipments

## Order cut-off time

For products with same-day handling time enabled, the default order cut-off
time for your standard and expedited shipping orders is set to local time,
according to the time zone of your default shipping address. You can visit the
**Shipping Settings** page, go to [General Shipping Settings
tab](https://www.sellercentral.amazon.dev/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#settings)
to view and edit your order cut-off time under [Order fulfillment
settings](/gp/help/202096730).

## Switch your account level default handling time to Same-day handling

Sign-in to Seller Central and follow the below steps:

  1. On the **Shipping Settings** page, navigate to **General Shipping Settings** tab.

  2. Scroll down to **Default Handling Time** , and click **Edit**.

  3. Select **Same-day (0 Day)** , and click **Save**.

  4. Optional: Enter your [order handling capacity](/gp/help/GGKKJFSR59D8SFNP) and click **Save**. This will allow you to set a limit for how many orders you can handle within your default handling time, and protect against [late shipment rate](/gp/help/G200285190). When you receive more orders than you can manage, the order handling capacity adds one additional day of handling time for all orders above your set capacity.

## Enable or disable Same-day handling on shipping templates

If you meet the performance requirements mentioned above, you can enable Same-
day handling on your current and new shipping templates. This option is only
applicable to **Domestic Standard** and **Expedited Delivery** options. To
enable or disable Same-day handling time, you can take the following steps:

  1. In Seller Central, go to **Settings** , and click **Shipping Settings** from the drop-down menu. You can create a new shipping template or edit an existing shipping template.

  2. Navigate to **General Shipping Settings** tab.

  3. Look for the section for **Handling Time** settings in the shipping template (only visible to eligible sellers). By default, same-day handling time will be disabled. Check the box to enable Same-day handling time.

**Note:** If editing an existing shipping template, ensure that all SKUs
associated with the template can be shipped the same day. If this is a newly
created shipping template, assign SKUs that can be shipped the same day to
this shipping template. For more information, go to [Assign SKUs to shipping
templates](/gp/help/G201841600).

You can follow the same process to disable Same-day handling time for all the
assigned SKUs. Once you disable the setting from the shipping template, the
promised shipping time of the products will be calculated based on the
handling time value which is set for the SKU on the **Manage All Inventory**.

Even if Same-day handling time for Standard and Expedited Shipping has been
disabled, you are still required to ship the order same day for Premium
shipping options (Same-day, Next-day, and Two-day delivery).

