---
title: Seller Fulfilled Prime size tier weight and dimensions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G8Z8W3UU58Q9KDT7
section: General Documentation
---

The Seller Fulfilled Prime size tier is used to calculate a seller’s delivery
speed performance compared to the program’s minimum requirements. Prime
customer expectations for delivery speed differs by item size. The size tier
definitions and minimum delivery speed thresholds exist so that the delivery
speed of Seller Fulfilled Prime offers is similar to customer expectations of
other Prime offers, for the applicable size tier. There are three size tiers
for Seller Fulfilled Prime: standard-size, oversize, and extra large. The size
tier is automatically determined based on the item package dimensions for
items associated to a Prime shipping template.  
  
## Seller Fulfilled Prime size tier definitions

Size tier | Definition  
---|---  
**Standard-size** |  An item will be considered standard-size if its package weight and dimensions meet all of the following:

  * The length (or longest side) is 18 inches or less.
  * The width (or median side) is 14 inches or less.
  * The height (or shortest side) is 8 inches or less.
  * The weight is 20 lb or less.

  
**Oversize** | An item will be considered oversize if its package weight and dimensions exceed any of the standard-size conditions but do not meet any of the extra large conditions.  
**Extra large** |  An item will be considered extra large if its package weight and dimensions meet any of the following:

  * The length or longest side is 96 inches or more.
  * The length plus girth is 130 inches or more. The girth is 2 x height + 2 x width.
  * The weight is 50 lb or more.
  * The item is a television and the length or longest side is 40 inches or more.

  
  
**Note:** If a product is sold as a set, the weight and dimensions are the
combined total of all of the items in the set packaged together.

As a Seller Fulfilled Prime seller, you can go to the [Manage Seller Fulfilled
Products](/seller-fulfilled-prime/analytics/) page to view your item’s size
tier (Column: Size tier) and package weights and dimensions (Column: Item
package dimensions). In the Item package dimensions column, the longest side
of the product will be displayed as length, the median side as width, and the
shortest side as height.

**Note:** If the item’s weight and dimensions are not populated, the item will
be considered standard-size until these are populated and the size tier is
recalculated.

## Update package weight and dimensions

You can update a product’s package weight and dimensions either through the
Manage Seller Fulfilled Products page or through the Manage Inventory page:  

  1. Click the **Update** link in column **Item package dimensions** on the [Manage Seller Fulfilled Products](/seller-fulfilled-prime/analytics/) page for the item you want to update. This will take you to the **Edit Product Info** page. On the **Shipping** tab, you can update the following fields:
     * Item Package Dimensions (includes length, width, and height fields)
     * Package Weight

When you have edited the fields for your product, click **Save and finish.**

  2. You can also update your product’s package weight and dimensions directly through the **Manage Inventory** page. Go to [Manage Inventory](/myi/search/DefaultView.amzn) and click **Edit** to the right of the product you want to update. This will take you to the **Edit Product Info** page. On the **Shipping** tab, you can update the following fields:
     * Item Package Dimensions (includes length, width, and height fields)
     * Package Weight

When you have edited the fields for your product, click **Save and finish.**

  3. To update more than one product at a time through an inventory file upload, follow these steps: Under the **Inventory** menu, choose **Manage all inventory** , then select **Add a product** , then select **I’m uploading a file to add multiple products**. Select the applicable update type and generate an template. Update the following fields and re upload the template:
     * Package_height
     * Package_width
     * Package_length
     * Package_dimensions_unit_of_measure
     * Package_weight
     * Package_weight_unit_of_measure

It may take up to 48 hours for an item’s size tier to update on [ Manage
Seller Fulfilled Products](/seller-fulfilled-prime/analytics/) after these
attributes have been updated.

**Note:** Amazon may verify the package weight and dimensions of a product
using representative samples. If there is a difference between Amazon’s
information and your information, Amazon’s information about a product’s
package weight and dimensions will be displayed on the [ Manage Seller
Fulfilled Products](/seller-fulfilled-prime/analytics/) page and will be used
to classify the product as standard-size, oversize, or extra large. Amazon may
change its information about a product’s package weight and dimensions from
time to time to reflect updated measurements.

## Submit your request

After updating a product’s package weight and dimensions, if you still believe
that the package weight and dimensions displayed on the **Manage Seller
Fulfilled Products** page are inaccurate, contact Selling Partner Support and
open a research request.

Provide the following information in your request:

  * Your values of package weight and dimensions for the product with the units of measure
  * Photos of the product with each dimension measured using a tape measure (length, width and height) and weight measured using a scale.

We will review your request, and if valid, we will update the product’s
package weight and dimensions with your information.

