---
title: Seller Wallet bank account update
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GW74AYKCGANY96WK
section: General Documentation
---

## Add bank accounts to Seller Wallet

Go to [Add, view, and update your bank account
information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W), and follow the instructions under the
**Add your bank account information** section. Once your bank accounts are
added, they will be viewable in your Seller Wallet account when you’re ready
to disburse.

## Activate a bank account for the US store

Go to the Replace default deposit method page and click **Activate for
Amazon.com** for the bank account that you’d like to activate for the US
store. Once you’ve activated the bank account for the US store, the bank
account will be available in your Seller Wallet account.

## Point of contact on bank account

The same active bank accounts that you added to your seller account will be
available for Seller Wallet. You may use a bank account held in the name of a
point of contact, but only if the point of contact is also a beneficial owner
provided to Amazon and either (i) the sole owner of the business or (ii)
authorized by the business to use their bank account for the benefit of the
business. Otherwise, your bank account holder name must match the name of the
business or point of contact who is also the beneficial owner provided to
Amazon. If you registered as an individual, you can use a bank account under
your name. This information must be accurate in order to receive your
transfers. For more information, go to [Add, view, and update your bank
account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W).

## Bank located in a different country

To set up a bank account for a different country or region, follow the
instructions on [Add, view, and update your bank account
information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W).

## Currency selection for transfers

You can choose to transfer your Seller Wallet funds to any of your active,
verified deposit methods in a supported country or region. Transfers can only
be made in the home currency of the country or region where the bank account
is located. For example, if your bank account is located in the UK, then
transfers can only be made in GBP, even if your bank account is capable of
accepting deposits in both GBP and EUR currencies.

## Payments for banks outside of selling country

On the Transfers page in Seller Wallet, you will choose the bank account to
receive your transfer. If you choose a bank account located outside of the US,
your transfer will be made to that account in the home currency of the bank
account country or region.

## Bank account transfers

You can use the same active bank accounts that you added to your seller
account for transfers out of Seller Wallet as long as the bank account has
been verified. Your active bank accounts will be available in Seller Wallet
when you initiate a transfer.

## Requirement to verify bank account for Seller Wallet

To prevent misuse of your bank account, you’ll be required to verify your
existing account details for the bank account to which you want to transfer
Seller Wallet funds. You’ll be able to view your Seller Wallet account before
verifying one or more existing bank accounts. However, you won’t be able to
transfer funds from Seller Wallet to your bank account until the verification
is complete.

## Select a verified bank account

You can use a bank account under the name of the business or point of contact
(POC) who is also a beneficial owner and either (i) the sole owner of the
business or (ii) otherwise authorized by the business to operate their bank
account for the benefit of the business (including to receive transfers from
Seller Wallet) to complete bank account verification. If you registered as an
individual, you can use a bank account under your name. For more information,
go to [Seller Wallet Registrations](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

## How to verify bank account

To verify your bank account, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to your Seller Wallet account.
  2. On the Transfers page, click **Verify** under the **To Account** drop-down menu. 
  3. Review the prompt, and click **Proceed**. 
  4. You’ll be redirected to the Deposit method page. Click **Verify** for the bank account on which you want to start the verification process. 
  5. On the Verify page, select the bank account holder name and upload your bank statement document by clicking **Upload bank statement**. 
  6. Verify the information on your document is accurate by selecting the four check boxes on the page. 
  7. Click **Submit for verification**. 

## Bank statement for verification

Seller Wallet needs to verify the name and number of the bank account that
you’ve registered with us. We do not need any transactional or credit card
information.

The document acceptance criteria is as follows:

  * Account number: The document must mention the account number and match a bank account that you’ve registered with Amazon Payments for disbursements.
  * Account holder’s name: The name of the account holder must be mentioned in the document and it must match the name of the seller. For example, if you registered as a selling entity, the bank account must match the business name or point of contact name who meets certain additional requirements. If you registered as an individual, you can use a bank account under your name. 
  * Bank name or logo: The bank name, logo, or both must be clearly visible in the document. 
  * Date: If the document issued date is available, it should be dated within 180 days. 

To protect your privacy, we recommend the following:

  * Remove any transactional information or account balance details from the document if you do not want to share this information with us.
  * Remove your credit card information (card number, transactional information, or both) if it appears in the document. 
  * Remove any other confidential information from the document. The document will be approved if the acceptance criteria mentioned above is met. 

## Seller Wallet account balance and disbursement

Once you’ve registered for Seller Wallet, and designated it as your default
deposit method, all of your Seller Central sales proceeds from Amazon.com will
automatically settle into your Seller Wallet account.

Your Seller Wallet account balance will reflect all of the Seller Central
sales proceeds settled into your Seller Wallet account, except for any
transfers that you initiated. The transaction amount displayed in the
[Payments Dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html/ref=xx_payments_dnav_xx)
should match a corresponding transaction in your Seller Wallet account.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

