---
title: Seller Lending program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZN5DX64LP2QYZ69
section: General Documentation
---

The **Seller Lending Program** is a program by Amazon Lending. Under this
program, you may be eligible to apply for loans provided by local lenders or
Lending Service Providers (LSPs) to grow your business on Amazon. While we
strive to serve as many of our sellers as possible, this program is available
only to sellers who meet the criteria determined by the lenders or LSPs.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Where can I find the finance products available to me if my business
meets the criteria under the Seller Lending Program?

After you sign in to your Seller Central account, click [this
link](/lend/home) to see if your business is eligible to apply for a loan from
our third-party lenders or LSPs. This page is only available to sellers who
meet the criteria determined by the lenders or LSPs.

#### Is the Seller Lending Program available to all sellers?

This program is available only to sellers who meet the criteria determined by
the lenders or LSPs.

#### What is the criteria for this program?

The criteria for sellers to be eligible to apply for loans under this program
is determined by the lenders or LSPs and varies accordingly. Local lenders or
LSPs will review seller applications and make loan decisions.

#### I was eligible to apply for a loan in the past but do not see any
available loans at present. Why?

Your business’s sales and performance metrics may have changed or the criteria
determined by the lenders or LSPs may have changed. These criteria are subject
to change at any time. We recommend you check periodically in case of any
change.

#### With whom will my business have a loan agreement under the Seller Lending
Program?

The loan agreement will be entered into between you and the lender or LSP
offering the loan. Any loan agreement you enter into is an independent
arrangement between you and the lender or LSP. Amazon will not be a party to
such agreement.

#### Will you be sharing my business’s data on Amazon with the Lenders or
LSPs? If so, what data?

Refer to the [data sharing FAQs](lending/ph/data-sharing/cn-us) for the Seller
Lending Program for more information.

#### Why do I have to provide additional information on the lender's or LSP's
web page?

The loan will be offered to you by the lender or LSP and you will be
contracting directly with such lender or LSP. If you apply for a loan, you
will be re-directed to an application page hosted by the lender or LSP, where
you will be asked for additional information for the lender or LSP to process
your application. Such information may also be transmitted to lenders through
LSPs.

#### Would lenders or LSPs share my personal information used in the loan
application process with Amazon?

Refer to the [data sharing FAQs](/lending/ph/data-sharing/cn-us) for the
Seller Lending Program for more information.

#### Will my Amazon seller account be blocked or suspended if I miss a loan
payment?

If you receive a loan from a third-party lender, you will directly sign a loan
agreement with the third-party lender and you will be subject to the terms of
this loan agreement. Your participation in the Seller Lending Program and any
loan repayment status will not affect your Amazon account selling status.

#### Can I apply for more than one loan?

You can apply for as many loans as you would like, but you can choose to
accept only one through our Seller Central offerings. After confirming one
loan to be funded, you will not be able to proceed with the other loan
opportunities or with any outstanding applications made through our Seller
Lending Program.

#### Can individual sellers also apply for loans under the Amazon Seller
Lending program?

Yes, both individual and professional sellers can apply for loans under the
Seller Lending Program. Ultimately, the lender or LSP makes the decision on
loan underwriting and fund disbursements. For questions related to the
underwriting or funding process, such as whether a personal guarantor is
needed or which bank account to be funded, reach out to your lender or LSP
directly. The contact information for the lenders or LSPs are below.

#### Will my Amazon seller account be under review if I change my disbursement
account through account locking window in Seller Central?

If you change the bank account on file in Seller Central through account
locking window, it will not trigger review of your Amazon Seller account and
we will not remove the bank account details from your Amazon Seller account.
China-based sellers can reach out to daikuan@amazon.com and Vietnam- or
Singapore-based sellers can reach out to apac-lending@amazon.com for any
questions about account locking. We will respond within 24 hours during
working days.

#### What does it mean to have an LSP-designated disbursement account?

When you take out a loan through the Amazon Seller Lending Program, the lender
or LSP requires that Amazon "lock" your disbursement account. That means that
you are not able to change the account into which you receive your
disbursements as long as you have an active loan with that lender or LSP.

In some jurisdictions, the lenders or LSPs have direct relationships with
payment service providers (PSP) and will require that your disbursement
account be held with an approved PSP before making a loan. If your
disbursement account is not acceptable, the lender or LSP will notify you that
you must change your disbursement account and provide you with a list of
approved PSPs. The list of approved PSPs from the lender or LSP may be
different from Amazon's [list of acceptable bank accounts and payment service
providers](/help/hub/reference/external/GKLETRP8MLF7CVFX).

#### Who are the third-party lenders or LSPs I will be receiving loan
opportunities from?

In the Amazon Seller Lending Program in China, there are currently four
lenders or LSPs.These are Yunshu, Dowsure, TFS, and Mybooster. Dowsure is
currently the sole LSP under the Amazon Seller Lending Program in Vietnam and
Singapore.

#### Who should I contact if I have any questions about my loan or a loan
opportunity?

Contact your lender or LSPs directly.

**Shanghai Yunshu Information Technology Co., Ltd**

  * Phone: +86 95138 extension 4 (Monday to Friday, from 9:30 a.m. to noon and 1:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Chinese Standard Time)
  * Email: [credit_cbes@u-tradingx.com](mailto:credit_cbes@fuiou.com)
  * WeChat public account: 昀数信息

**Dowsure Technologies Co., Ltd**

**China:**

  * Phone: 400-082-882 (Monday to Friday, from 9:30 a.m. to noon and 1:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Chinese Standard Time)
  * Email: [hi@dowsure.com](mailto:hi@dowsure.com)
  * WeChat public account: 豆沙包

**Vietnam and Singapore:**

  * Phone (Vietnam): +84 0776616997 (Monday to Friday, from 8:30 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m. Indochina Time)
  * Phone (Singapore): +65 81390196 (Monday to Friday, from 9:30 a.m to noon and 1:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Singapore Standard Time)
  * Email: [hi@dowsure.com](mailto:hi@dowsure.com)

**Ju Kai Feng Information Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd**

  * Phone: +8620 3765 7694 (Monday to Friday, 9:00 a.m. to noon and 1:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Chinese Standard Time)
  * Email: [cs@tfschange.com](mailto:cs@tfschange.com)
  * WeChat public account: TFS巨凯沣信息科技有限公司

**Mybooster (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd**

  * Phone: 400-8060-988 (Monday to Friday, from 9:30 a.m. to noon and 1:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Chinese Standard Time)
  * Email:[service@yuqitc.com](mailto:service@yuqitc.com)
  * WeChat public account: 迈豹云数

