---
title: Seller Wallet
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ
section: General Documentation
---

## Amazon Seller Wallet program

#### What is Seller Wallet?

Amazon Seller Wallet is a new service that empowers you to store proceeds from
your sales on Amazon in a digital account and have more control over when to
convert proceeds, and how much to convert.

#### Who is eligible for Seller Wallet?

Most sellers are eligible to register for a Seller Wallet account. Following
are the eligibility requirements to use Seller Wallet:

  * You must have a seller account for the US store. 
  * Your seller account for the US store must be in good account health to be eligible for Seller Wallet. To confirm your account status, go to [Account Health Rating: Frequently asked questions](/gp/help/GR786P4BPEVKTBAG).
  * You must have proof of business establishment (or a proof of residency if you intend to use Seller Wallet as an individual seller) and have a local phone number in one of the supported countries or regions for Seller Wallet. For more information, [view the list](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH) of supported countries, regions, and currencies. 
  * You will use Seller Wallet only for business or commercial purposes.
  * You must not have a current outstanding loan from a third-party lender via the Amazon Lending program.

#### Which stores are Seller Wallet available in?

Seller Wallet is available in the US store.

#### How is the Seller Wallet different from the existing Amazon Currency
Converter for Sellers?

Amazon Currency Converter for Sellers is a simple disbursement solution where
you can automatically receive Amazon earnings in your local currency. Seller
Wallet lets you store your Amazon earnings in a virtual account and freely
transfer proceeds when you choose to.

#### Do I have to sell in the US store to use Seller Wallet?

Yes, you must have a registered selling account in the US store to be eligible
for a Seller Wallet account.

#### Is there a separate sign in for Seller Wallet?

No, you can sign-in to your Seller Central account to navigate to your Seller
Wallet account. To access Seller Wallet, from the **Reports** drop-down menu,
select **Seller Wallet**.

#### How do I register for a Seller Wallet account?

For more information, go to our [registration
page](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

#### Where do I access my Seller Wallet account?

Once your registration for a Seller Wallet account has been processed, you’ll
be notified through the email address that you registered. You can access
Seller Wallet from this email, or by selecting **Seller Wallet** from the
**Reports** drop-down menu. Make sure that you’ve signed in to your US Seller
Central account.

#### Where will my sales proceeds go if I register for Seller Wallet?

Once you’ve successfully registered, Seller Wallet will be assigned as your
primary deposit method, and your sales proceeds will be automatically settled
into your Seller Wallet account.

The previous bank account that you used, including those used with Amazon
Currency Converter for Sellers, will become your secondary deposit method. You
can switch between your secondary deposit method and Seller Wallet account for
future disbursements.

#### How do I know if my seller account is in good health so that I can open a
Seller Wallet account?

For more information, go to [Account Health Rating: Frequently asked
questions](/gp/help/GR786P4BPEVKTBAG).

## Account closure

#### How can I close my Seller Wallet account?

To close your Seller Wallet account, click [Help](/help/hub/support) and
request the Seller Wallet account closure under **Get support**. You’ll then
receive a confirmation email once your Seller Wallet account has been closed,
or an email detailing why your account can't be closed at this time and the
additional steps required.

**Note:** Once you close your Seller Wallet account, Amazon can't reactivate
or reinstate the closed account.

If you decide to close your Seller Wallet account, make sure that you do the
following:

  * Confirm Seller Wallet is not selected as the default deposit method in the store that you would like to request Seller Wallet account cancellation.
  * Confirm that you don’t have any pending transfers in the [Seller Wallet portal](/sellerwallet).
  * Wait until you have a zero balance in your [Seller Wallet account](/sellerwallet).
  * If you’ve experienced a suspension of your selling account, check your **Performance notifications** to make sure that all the reasons for your selling account's suspension have been resolved and your selling account is restored.

#### What will happen if I close my Seller Wallet account?

If you close your Seller Wallet account, you will no longer have access to the
Seller Wallet portal. You won’t be able to process transfers through Seller
Wallet or access your transaction history.

Related help pages:

  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet vendor payments](/gp/help/GWCSDZYDQJVWDU3L)
  * [Add, view, and update bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)

