---
title: Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200978400
section: General Documentation
---

On this page, you can learn what is required from you to send less than
truckload (LTL) and full truckload (FTL) deliveries to Amazon fulfillment
centers. Also, you can download help guides for ocean full container load
(FCL) deliveries.

**Important:** Following the requirements for LTL and FTL deliveries to Amazon
fulfillment centers listed on this page and making sure that your carriers and
suppliers follow them make the following easier:

  * Ensuring that your shipments are accepted
  * Enabling the most efficient and accurate unloading, receipt, and storage of your inventory
  * Preventing you from having to remove or dispose of, or pay additional fees for, shipments that don't meet these guidelines

## Related guidelines

  * For additional requirements for LTL and FTL shipments, see [Carrier requirements for LTL and FTL deliveries](/gp/help/200978420) and [Floor Loading Policy](/gp/help/200978440).
  * For weight, dimension, and shipment packing requirements, see [Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/200141510).
  * For smaller shipments, see [Small parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/200280260).
  * For additional information about Amazon Partnered Carriers, see [Amazon Partnered Carrier options](/gp/help/201119120).

## Box limits

A single LTL shipment cannot exceed 5,000 boxes. To ship more than 5,000
boxes, you must create a second shipment.

##  Pallet requirements

  * Use 40 x 48 inches, 4-way access wooden pallets. Do not ship units on pallets made of weak material such as plastic, cardboard or particle board. 
  * If a single, large unit cannot fit on a 40 x 48 inches pallet without overhanging the edges, use a pallet size and type that is suitable for the unit. 
  * Ship units on GMA Standard B Grade or higher pallets. Regardless of the material (lumber, plywood, composite, etc.), GMA Standard B Grade pallets have:
    * 6 or 7 boards on top, depending on board width
    * No less than 4 boards on bottom
    * Stringers for added support
    * 4-way entry
    * No block repairs to stringers
  * Ship grocery products on GMA 1A Grade pallets only. GMA 1A Grade pallets have:
    * 7 boards on top 
    * 5 boards on bottom
    * Stringers for added support
    * 4-way entry
    * No block repairs to stringers 
  * Only GMA 1A and 1B Grade pallets are acceptable for health & personal care and beauty products. GMA 1B Grade pallets have:
    * 6 or 7 boards on top, depending on board width
    * No less than 4 boards on bottom
    * Stringers for added support
    * 4-way entry
    * Only 1 stringer may have a plug or other type of repair
  * Ship only on pallets that are in good condition. 
  * Broken and damaged pallets are not acceptable and may be rejected at the seller's expense. 

## Guidelines for building pallets

All partnered carrier shipments not delivered by small package carriers must
be loaded on pallets. For non-partnered carrier shipments that cannot be sent
on pallets and need to be floor loaded, see the [Floor Loading
Policy](/gp/help/200978440).

Follow these guidelines when stacking boxes on your pallet:

  * When shipping multiple ASINs on a pallet, physically separate the ASINs so that they are easy to differentiate upon receipt.
  * Any guidelines shown on the box packaging must be followed, such as stack height maximums, box orientation requirements, and handling restrictions.
  * Build pallets with the FBA box ID labels facing outwards to allow each barcode on the box to be scanned without breaking down the pallet.
  * Stack boxes on pallets so that they are stable and flush on all sides. Brick stacking, with heaviest items on the bottom, is recommended.
  * For single ASIN pallets, all boxes must be stacked the same way (i.e. horizontal or vertical). Boxes can still be turned in different directions, but they all must be stacked in the same way.
  * Pallets ideally have a pack height no higher than 50 inches (45 inches for boxes and 5 inches for pallet) and are stackable, as this is space efficient and maximizes trailer space. Non-stackable pallets cannot exceed 72 inches in height and are less space efficient.

For more information on building a pallet, watch the brief video below:

## How to build a pallet

Each box on the pallet must comply with [Amazon's shipment packaging
requirements](/gp/help/G200141500).

**Assembly.** The units on each pallet must all belong to one shipment ID.
Place shipping boxes that are intended to be sold together, such as a set, and
that weigh more than 100 lb on a single pallet (one sellable unit on each) or
clamp them together. Single, non-clampable shipping boxes or units, such as
furniture, that weigh more than 100 lb, are more than 80 inches long, or are
more than 30 inches wide should be placed on their own pallet.

**Weight and height.** Total weight of the pallet must not exceed 1,500 lb.
Single pallets must not be higher than 72 inches, including the height of the
pallet, unless a single unit is taller than 72 inches. A single pallet can be
up to 98 inches, including the height of the pallet, if it conforms to the
"clampable" instructions outlined in the [Floor Loading
Policy](/gp/help/200978440?language=en_US&ref=ag_200978440_cont_G200978400). A
single pallet that is 98 inches will be “squeezed” and split into two pallets
by a clamp truck so the units can be received.

**Note:** Single pallets sent with an Amazon partnered carrier must be no
higher than 72 inches on 40 x 48 inch pallets. To maximize freight efficiency,
pallets should be stackable and no higher than 100 inches (50 inches per
pallet). For more information, see [Amazon Partnered Carrier
options](/gp/help/G201119120).

**Stacking and wrapping.** Stage boxes using only standard pallet stacking
requirements. Do not bundle shipping boxes using bags, elastic, or extra
straps. The contents must not overhang the pallet edge.

All pallets must be wrapped in clear plastic stretch wrap with a "Do not break
stretch wrap" or "Do not break down" note to the carrier. The stretch wrap
must completely hold the product to the pallet to prevent shifting during
transit. The stretch wrap must not be used to stabilize the load on the
pallet; the contents must be stable once the stretch wrap is removed.

**Labeling.** Every box on the shipment must have a unique shipment ID label
that complies with Amazon's [shipping label
requirements](/gp/help/G200178470). Wrapped pallets must have FBA pallet
labels placed on all four sides on the outside of the stretch wrap.

**Loading.** The overall height of the pallets must allow 6 inches of
clearance from the top of the stack to the roof of the container. Allow for at
least 3 inches between pallets and walls while in transit by using air bags to
ensure stability, non-metal straps, or a safety net to prevent the load from
shifting or falling. Allow for at least 8 inches of clearance from the last
row of pallets to container doors to engage a dock leveler.

## Double-stacked pallets

Amazon fulfillment centers accept double-stacked pallets provided that they
are safe to load and unload and do not cause product damage during transit.
You can double stack pallets as needed to maximize freight efficiency. Follow
the guidelines below for double-stacked pallets:

  * Two stacked pallets cannot exceed 100.00 inches total in height (50.00 inches per pallet stack)
  * Allow for at least 6 inches of space from the top of the pallet to the container ceiling to allow for the safe unloading of pallets with a forklift.
  * Stack boxes evenly and squarely from corner to corner and do not allow boxes to overhang the pallet edge.
  * Boxes should be stacked in rotating layers to ensure stack stability.
  * Brick stacking; heavy boxes should be on the bottom stack layers and pallets to prevent lighter boxes from being crushed or damaged.
  * The sides and top of the stacked boxes are flush to ensure stack stability.
  * Stack pallets with adequate space to allow for unloading.
  * Stacked pallets should have the weight and box stacks centered to ensure stability and to prevent the pallets from leaning or falling during transit.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/FBA/Inbound/StackedPallets_AGFS-
Inbound_FBA.png)  

## Pallet label requirements

  * Place FBA pallet labels on all four sides of the pallet on the outside of the stretch wrap.
  * Affix FBA shipment labels to each pallet: four per pallet, one on each side in the top center. You can print shipping labels in the [shipment creation workflow](/gp/help/G201021820).
  * Place labels squarely, not angled, on all four sides of the pallet so that the forklift driver can see them when approaching with the forklift. 
  * Label the pallet “Single ASIN pallet” if it contains only one ASIN.
  * When shipping multiple SKUs on a pallet, physically separate the SKUs so that they are easy to tell apart when received at the fulfillment center. For more information, see the special pallet label requirements below.

**Important:** When sending your shipment to a local fulfillment center under
the Amazon Freight program, there are additional sets of four Amazon carrier
pallet ID labels required. Place a copy of the same label on all four sides of
the pallet with your FBA pallet label. Make sure that all labels on each
pallet have the same “Pallet Count” number. For more information, see [Amazon
Freight](/gp/help/GM9THX2S47XTGJTQ).

## Special pallet label requirements for product types

Include the following information on labels when it applies:

Label | Applies to  
---|---  
Team Lift | Single-unit boxes that exceed 50 lb*  
Mech Lift | Single-unit boxes that exceed 100 lb*  
Mixed SKU | Pallets and boxes that contain more than one type of sellable unit (different SKU or condition)   
Sold as set | Sellable units that consist of multiple products that are intended to be sold as a single SKU. Whenever possible, wrap units belonging in a set together within the box to prevent them from being separated.  
  
**Important:** Boxes must not exceed the standard weight limit of 50 lb,
unless they contain a single oversize unit that exceeds 50 lb. Box weight and
dimension policies are strictly enforced. Sending overweight or oversize boxes
to the fulfillment center may lead to blocking of future shipments. For more
information, see [Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/200141510).

For more information about specific product categories that require
specialised prep, see [Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/200141500).

## Seal requirements for FTL and intermodal

Effective September 12, 2024, you must seal full truckload and intermodal
shipments with ISO-17712 compliant, Amazon-approved Radio Frequency
Identification (RFID) seals at the point of pickup.

If you load over 14 pallets and you’re not asked to apply Amazon Freight
pallet labels, your ship-mode is likely full truckload. Less than truckload
and small parcel carriers will apply seals at the carrier consolidation
terminal before the shipment arrives at an Amazon facility.

**Note:** Full truckload or intermodal shipments in the Collect program sent
to our fulfillment centers before September 12, 2024, required an
ISO-17712-compliant metal, plastic, or wire seal on the trailer door before
the shipment left the facility.

To comply with our seal policy for full truckload and intermodal Collect
shipments, do the following:

  * Ensure that the trailer's door has an ISO 17712-compliant Amazon-approved RFID seal applied before the shipment leaves your facility.
  * Print or note the seal number on the bill of lading (BOL) next to the Standard Carrier Alpha Code (SCAC) and Progressive Number (PRO#) or under the Ship To section of the bill of lading.

Drivers can refuse to pick your shipment if the trailer is not sealed or the
BOL does not include the seal number.

**Ordering approved RFID seals**

  * **Amazon Business:** To purchase RFID trailer seals in the Amazon Business store, go to its [product detail page](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0D5K3PD7L). You must have an Amazon Business account to purchase the seals from here. You may use your existing Amazon Business account, or sign up for a new account for free. After you’ve signed up, you also have an option to add on Business Prime membership and get access to business-specific features and benefits based on the plan you select. Business Prime membership isn’t required to purchase the RFID seals. Amazon Business allows you to create multiple shipping addresses so you can ship the seals to more than one warehouse. Based on your business’s creditworthiness, Amazon Business offers flexible payment options in addition to using business or personal credit cards.
  * **Seal vendor:** You can also purchase the RFID seals directly from the [seal vendor’s website](https://shop.guiseal.com/). To order the seals, create a customer profile, add the number of packages to your cart, enter the code **Vmn3Ap** in the **Authorization Code** field to verify that you’re are an Amazon selling partner, and check out using the available payment options. 

Business Prime members get two-day shipping, while non-Business Prime members
can expect to receive their packages in five to seven business days.

**Additional resources**

  * Reference explaining registration, pay by invoice, creating a group, or a list, and how to manage users. [Download ZIP file](https://d437nepi28pn7.cloudfront.net/Resource+Center/vendor-central/US/en-US/AB_Zip.zip) (English only).
  * Step-by-step ordering process if you chose to purchase the seals directly from the seal vendor, Shenzhen Wins Electronics (SWE). [Download PDF file](https://d437nepi28pn7.cloudfront.net/Resource+Center/vendor-central/US/en-US/SWE_RFIDSeal_Ordering_Process.pdf) (English only).
  * Frequently asked question. [Download PDF file](https://d437nepi28pn7.cloudfront.net/Resource+Center/vendor-central/US/en-US/Amazon_Business_Launch_FAQs.pdf) (English only).

For assistance, contact your Amazon ESS representative or email [rfidseals-
spsupport@amazon.com](mailto:rfidseals-spsupport@amazon.com) with the subject
line "RFID Seals Inquiry."

## Bills of lading (BOLs)

For each LTL or FTL shipment you create in your shipping queue, you must
provide a valid bill of lading (BOL) to the carrier, so it can schedule a
delivery appointment. Shipment BOLs that do not meet the requirements listed
below will be refused upon delivery. For Amazon-partnered LTL or FTL
shipments, a BOL is generated on the morning of the pickup date and becomes
available in the **Track shipment** tab of the **Shipment summary**. You can
additionally download a blank BOL to fill in for your partnered carrier
shipment [here](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
files/FBA_PARTNERED_LTL_BOL_TEMPLATE.pdf).

Follow these guidelines when filling out the BOL form provided by your
carrier. We recommend using a standard BOL template, which helps ensure that
your shipment is easy to identify and received in a timely manner. If your
carrier does not provide a template, make sure your BOL includes the following
information:

  * All Amazon reference IDs and shipment IDs contained in the shipment. You can find these in the **Summary** of the **Shipment creation workflow**.
  * Seller name
  * From address (street address, city, state, ZIP code)
  * Legal name of the seller
  * Carrier name and standard carrier alpha code (SCAC)
  * Carrier's shippers reference number (PRO#)
  * Handling unit quantity (pallet, box, each) information
  * Trailer and seal number (truckload shipment only)
  * "Shipper load and count" or "SLC" if the trailer is loaded, locked, and sealed without enabling the driver to count or inspect the shipment contents
  * Correct pallet and box count quantities
  * Freight charge terms

Include the BOL number on the shipping container or pallet label. This allows
for quick freight verification upon delivery to the Amazon fulfillment center.

## Ocean full container load (FCL) shipments

Amazon fulfillment centers accept ocean full container load (FCL) shipments
provided they are safe to unload and do not cause product damage during
transit. Download the FBA Ocean Container Preparation Guidelines
([English](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-
help/AGS_ContainterChecklist_EN.pdf) and [Chinese](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/AGS_ContainerChecklist_CN.pdf) versions) to
print out and share with your supplier or factory, or for yourself.

## Scheduling a delivery

Ensure your carrier has an accurate BOL for your shipment. Most of the
shipment information is found in the **Summary** page of the **shipment
creation workflow**. Provide your carrier with the [User Manual for
Carriers](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/magicarp/common/Carrier_Central_Manual_USAmazon.pdf).

Your carrier will need to schedule a delivery appointment through [Carrier
Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com). For more information, see
[Carrier requirements for Less than Truckload (LTL) and Full Truckload (FTL)
deliveries](/gp/help/200978420).

For a seamless delivery, follow the basic rules outlined below:

