---
title: Seller Wallet registration FAQ for sellers from Canada
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6NB4XQ37XR7CH24
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

This page contains information and frequently asked questions to help sellers
from Canada register for Amazon Seller Wallet. For more general frequently
asked questions, go to [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ).

For information on the registration process, go to [Seller Wallet
registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

When you register for Seller Wallet, you must provide us with up-to-date
information and documents related to your business, the point of contact for
your business, and the beneficial owners of your business. Amazon is required
by law to verify your personal and business information before you can use our
service.

The information that you provide will help ensure the safety and security of
all transactions done through Seller Wallet. During registration, we may ask
you to provide the following documents:

  * Registration extract: Proof-of-business existence
  * Identity proof document: Proof-of-identify for the point of contact and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Proof of address document: Proof-of-address for the business, point of contact, and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Letter of authorization: Letter must be signed by the legal representative if the point of contact is not the legal representative
  * Share allotment document (for example, statute document): Document must show the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company (individual sellers are not required to provide this document)

## What business type should I select when I register for Seller Wallet?

Select and confirm your business type carefully, since incorrect information
may cause Amazon to be unable to process your Seller Wallet registration. Make
sure to review the business types available in your region or country on the
applicable registration help page.

Seller Wallet may only be used for business or commercial purposes. It may not
be used for personal, family, or household purposes.

The following business types are available if your business is based in
Canada:

**Privately-owned business** : Select this business type if your business does
not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market
exchanges. Instead, your business’s stock is offered, owned, and traded or
exchanged, privately.

**Publicly-listed business** : Select this business type if the ownership of
your business is organized via shares of stock which are intended to be freely
traded on a stock exchange or in over-the-counter markets.

**Charity** : Select this business type if the primary objectives of your
business are philanthropy and social well-being (for example, educational,
religious, or other activities serving the public interest or common good).

**State-owned business** : Select this business type if the government or
state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority
ownership of your business.

**Individual** : Select this business type if your business is owned and run
by one person without a business name.

## What documents are accepted as identity proof documents for point of
contact or beneficial owners?

  * **Passport** : If you want to provide a passport, ensure that your passport is valid (not expired). Include the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature.
  * **National identity card** : If you want to provide a Canada national identity card or residence permit, both sides of such document must be provided. If your Canadian residence permit does not show country of birth or pays de naissance, you must also provide your birth certificate or passport.
  * **Driver’s license** : If you want to provide a driver’s license, also provide your birth certificate or passport.

## What documents are accepted as registration extract?

If your business is registered in any province other than Ontario, then
provide one of the following documents:

  * Certificate of incorporation, certificate of constitution, registration extract, or certificate of existence 
  * A certified true copy of a registration document dated within 180 days (usually for British Columbia province)
  * Certificate of status (certificate of legal status) dated within 180 days, or certificate of attestation or certificate of good standing
  * A not-for-profit organization may provide Articles of Incorporation or, alternatively, a certificate issued by Corporations Canada
  * A charity may provide a Notice of Registration from the Canada Revenue Agency showing a charitable registration number

If your business is registered in Ontario, provide the documents below.

If your business is a partnership, a limited partnership, or a limited
liability partnership, provide one of the following:

  * Unexpired master business license (MBL) with the business name, your name, registered address, expiry date, and business identification number (BIN)
  * Profile summary
  * Payment receipt
  * Ministry-stamped copy of the paper form: 
    * Form 1 for General Partnerships 
    * Form 3 for Limited Partnerships
    * Form 6 for Limited Liability Partnerships

If your business is a corporation, provide one of the following:

  * Certificate of Status (for provincial companies)
  * Certification of Incorporation (if the business is 0 to 90 days old)
  * Certificate of Existence (for federal companies)

If your business is a sole proprietorship and is registered under a personal
name, provide a letter from the Canada Revenue Agency with your name, business
address, and business number. If your business is a sole proprietorship and is
registered with a business name, provide one of the documents listed under the
partnership section.

If your business is a charity, provide an incorporating document or other
governing document (Letters Patent, articles of incorporation, trust deed, or
constitution).

If your business is a not-for-profit, provide Letters Patent of Incorporation.

## What documents are accepted as proof of address documents?

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * Gas bill
  * TV bill
  * Cable bill
  * Water bill
  * Electricity bill
  * Internet bill
  * Phone bill
  * Bank account statement

The document must be dated within 180 days.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your business address, the
name on the document must match the business name.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your residential address of
the point of contact or the beneficial owners, the name on the document must
match the name of each person being verified.

## What is a share allotment document (for example, statute document)? Which
documents are accepted as share allotment documents (for example, statute
documents)?

A share allotment document (for example, statute document) is a document that
shows the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner
and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company.

  * If your business is a corporation, provide the business’s latest annual return with share allotment information and the business’s Article of Incorporation, Articles or Certificates of Formation, or Articles or Certificate of Organization. If your business is registered in Ontario, you may provide a shareholders’ ledger dated within 180 days instead of an annual return.
  * If your business is a partnership (sociétés en nom collectif), provide a partnership agreement which shows each owner’s share of the profits and liabilities of the business. If the partnership agreement does not show the shares held by each partner, provide a document signed by each beneficial owner that confirms the share allotment.
  * If your business is a limited partnership (société en commandite), provide the business’s latest annual return with share allotment information and the business’s Partnership Act.
  * If your business is a limited partnership, (société à responsabilité limitée), an extra-provincial limited liability partnership (société à responsabilité limitée extraprovinciale), or an extra-provincial limited liability company (société de capitaux extraprovinciale), provide the business’s latest annual return with share allotment information and the business’s article of incorporation.
  * If your business is a charity or not-for-profit corporation (personne morale sans but lucrative), provide the business’s Articles of Incorporation, a list of trustees (that includes the full name and date of birth for each trustee) signed by a legal representative and dated within 180 days, and the latest T3010 form charity return, if applicable. If your charity is registered in any province other than Ontario, also provide a Form T1235 issued yearly and showing trustees.

## What does Seller Wallet expect to receive as a letter of authorization for
the point of contact?

If you’re not the legal representative of the business, you must provide the
following information to be eligible for Seller Wallet. We expect to receive a
statement like the following example or something comparable:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

+++++++++

[Letterhead of the company]

POWER TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

The undersigned [name of company] (herein after, the "Company"), duly
represented by (name and function) [full name and function of the signatory],
confirms that [full name of the point of contact] is authorized to register
for Seller Wallet, accept the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and other
policies, have access to the Seller Wallet account, and initiate transactions
in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Dated this

Signed by:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How will I be notified if you require additional information?

If we require additional information, you’ll be notified through the email
address associated with your seller account.

## How can I upload more than one document at a time?

Sometimes, we may require more documents from you that can be uploaded in
Seller Central. If this is the case, you must merge the documents into one
document and upload it to Seller Central for review.

We recommend that you use one of the following methods:

  * Merge the scanned JPEG images into a Microsoft Word document and create a PDF file as follows:  

    1. Click **Insert** on the toolbar at the top of Microsoft Word.
    2. Click **Pictures** , then locate the file that you want to add to the document.
    3. Repeat the steps above with all of the images that you want to add to the document.
    4. Make sure that all of the images are on separate pages.
    5. Click **File,** > **Save as** and select **PDF** as the document type.
  * Use Adobe Acrobat to create a PDF.
  * Scan the pages into a single PDF document.

## I do not have one of the documents requested, what should I do?

If you don’t have one or more of the documents requested, [contact Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/gp/contact-us/). Make sure that you provide
details about the specific documents that you don’t have available. We’ll
contact you about alternative documents that we may be able to accept.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

