---
title: Seller Wallet registration FAQ for sellers from Hong Kong
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GV73RY2NFGMJXCPV
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

This page contains information and frequently asked questions to help sellers
from Hong Kong register for Amazon Seller Wallet. For more general frequently
asked questions, go to [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ).

For information about the registration process, go to [Seller Wallet
registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

When you register for Seller Wallet, you must provide us with up-to-date
information and documents related to your business, the point of contact for
your business, and the beneficial owners of your business. Amazon is required
by law to verify your personal and business information before you can use our
service.

The information that you provide will help ensure the safety and security of
all transactions done through Seller Wallet. During registration, we may ask
you to provide the following documents:

  * Registration extract: Proof-of-business existence
  * Identity proof document: Proof-of-identify for the point of contact and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Proof-of-address document: Proof-of-address for the business, point of contact, and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Letter of authorization: Letter must be signed by the legal representative if the point of contact is not the legal representative
  * Share allotment document (for example, statute document): Document must show the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company (individual sellers are not required to provide this document) 

## What business type should I select when I register for Seller Wallet?

Select and confirm your business type carefully, since incorrect information
may cause Amazon to be unable to process your Seller Wallet registration. Make
sure that you review the business types available in your region or country on
the applicable registration help page.

Seller Wallet may only be used for business or commercial purposes. It may not
be used for personal, family, or household purposes.

The following business types are available if your business is based in Hong
Kong:

**Privately-owned business** : Select this business type if your business does
not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market
exchanges. Instead, your business’s stock is offered, owned, and traded or
exchanged, privately.

**Publicly-listed business** : Select this business type if the ownership of
your business is organized via shares of stock which are intended to be freely
traded on a stock exchange or in over-the-counter markets.

**Charity** : Select this business type if the primary objectives of your
business are philanthropy and social well-being (for example, educational,
religious, or other activities serving the public interest or common good).

**State-owned business** : Select this business type if the government or
state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority
ownership of your business.

**Individual** : Select this business type if your business is owned and run
by one person without a business name. This option may not be available to you
if you registered your seller account in the US store as other business types.

## What documents are accepted as identity proof documents for point of
contact or beneficial owners?

  * **Passport** : If you want to provide a passport, ensure that your passport is valid (not expired). Include the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature.
  * **Hong Kong document of identity for visa purposes** : Include photo and information pages of the document.
  * **National identity card** : A Hong Kong identity card can only be used if your place of birth is Hong Kong, mainland China, or Macau. Provide the front side of the document.

## What documents are accepted as registration extract?

Provide a Business Registration Ordinance and, for all businesses other than
sole proprietorships and individuals, a Certificate of Incorporation.

## What documents are accepted as proof of address documents?

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * Gas bill
  * TV bill
  * Cable bill
  * Water bill
  * Electricity bill
  * Internet bill
  * Phone bill
  * Bank account statement

The document must be dated within 180 days.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your business address, the
name on the document must match the business name.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your residential address of
the point of contact or the beneficial owners, the name on the document must
match the name of each person being verified.

## What is a share allotment document (for example, statute document)? Which
documents are accepted as share allotment documents (for example, statute
documents)?

A share allotment document (for example, statute document) is a document that
shows the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner
and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company.

If your business is registered as a limited company:

  * If your business was incorporated less than one year ago, provide all pages of the Articles of Association.
  * If your business was incorporated more than one year ago, provide all pages of the most recent annual return with proof of submission (for example, a submission sticker on the first page or a submission receipt).

If your business is registered as a sole proprietorship or partnership:

  * Provide either a document issued by the Hong Kong government confirming the beneficial owner information for the business, or an extract of information on the Business Registration.

## What does Seller Wallet expect to receive as a letter of authorization for
the point of contact?

If you’re not the legal representative of the business, you must provide the
following information to be eligible for Seller Wallet. We expect to receive a
statement like the following example or something comparable:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

+++++++++

[Letterhead of the company]

POWER TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

The undersigned [name of company] (herein after, the "Company"), duly
represented by (name and function) [full name and function of the signatory],
confirms that [full name of the point of contact] is authorized to register
for Seller Wallet, accept the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and other
policies, have access to the Seller Wallet account, and initiate transactions
in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Dated this

Signed by:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How will I be notified if you require additional information?

If we require additional information, you’ll be notified through the email
address associated with your seller account.

## How can I upload more than one document at a time?

Sometimes, we may require more documents from you that can be uploaded in
Seller Central. If this is the case, you must merge the documents into one
document and upload it to Seller Central for review.

We recommend that you use one of the following methods:

  * Merge the scanned JPEG images into a Microsoft Word document and create a PDF file as follows:  

    1. Click **Insert** on the toolbar at the top of Microsoft Word.
    2. Click **Pictures** , then locate the file that you want to add to the document.
    3. Repeat the steps above with all of the images that you want to add to the document.
    4. Make sure that all of the images are on separate pages.
    5. Click **File,** > **Save as** and select **PDF** as the document type.
  * Use Adobe Acrobat to create a PDF.
  * Scan the pages into a single PDF document.

## I do not have one of the documents requested, what should I do?

If you don’t have one or more of the documents requested, [contact Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/gp/contact-us/). Make sure that you provide
details about the specific documents that you don’t have available. We’ll
contact you about alternative documents that we may be able to accept.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

