---
title: Seller-fulfilled Export FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQG52ZAVC57PQADG
section: General Documentation
---

#### Why are my products restricted from international shipping?

As you are aware, restrictions may apply to cross-border sales of products.
Previously, we left it to our sellers to ensure compliance with applicable
laws, including trade rules as well as import and customs regulations when
offering their products to customers with shipping addresses outside of the
US. However, starting in 2022, product listings that violate applicable laws
and regulations or Amazon’s internal policies will no longer be eligible for
seller-fulfilled exports and will be restricted from purchase by international
customers with shipping addresses outside of the US.

#### What does this mean for me and my customers?

Some product listings you may previously offered to customers with shipping
addresses outside of the US will no longer be available for purchase by these
customers on Amazon.com. For more information, go to [Seller-fulfilled Export:
Eligible Products](/gp/help/GMYKB6VYBADZCGKA). It is important we prioritize
compliance as well as a safe and reliable customer experience.

#### Which of my products are impacted?

You can download the most current international eligibility determination for
your listings on Amazon.com. Go to [Inventory
Reports](/listing/reports/ref=xx_invreport_dnav_xx) > **Seller-fulfilled
Exports Eligibility Report**. Products may not be eligible for shipping
internationally for a variety of reasons. Once you determine which products
are ineligible for shipping internationally, you can remove them from your
international shipping settings in the [Shipping
settings](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#shipping_templates) page. Even if no
action is taken, products ineligible for seller-fulfilled exports will no
longer be available for purchase by customers with shipping addresses outside
of the US.

**Note:** This reporting is also available if you have products enrolled in
FBA Exports. Products may not be eligible for FBA Export for a variety of
reasons. To find a list of your FBA Export eligible products, go to
**Reports** > **Fulfillment** > **Inventory** > **Exportable Inventory (US)**
.

Products eligible for seller fulfilled or FBA exports are subject to change.

#### What types of products cannot be sold internationally from the US?

For a list of the most common restrictions, go to [Seller-fulfilled Export:
Eligible products](/gp/help/GMYKB6VYBADZCGKA).

For more information, go to [Category, product, and listing
restrictions](/gp/help/G200301050).

#### What will happen if I don’t remove ineligible products from my listings?

If you offer a product for international shipping in violation of applicable
laws or any of Amazon’s policies, we will take corrective actions, as
appropriate, including but not limited to suspending international listings.
This means, customers outside of the US shopping on Amazon.com will no longer
be able to buy your offers with international shipping if they are non-
compliant. It is your responsibility as a seller to understand which products
are eligible to be shipped to the destinations in which you do business. For
additional information on your responsibilities as an international seller, go
to [Important information for international sellers](/gp/help/200404870).

#### Will my listings to customers located in the US be impacted?

No. Only product listings that are made available to international customers
through seller-fulfilled exports that we believe violate applicable laws or
Amazon policies will be restricted.

#### Why is a customer from outside the US unable to place an order for my
product now, but was able to previously?

Starting in 2022, products that were offered for international shipping may no
longer be eligible for shipping to customers in certain international
destinations. We restrict products from seller-fulfilled exports where we
believe the product cannot be shipped internationally or offering it to
international customers violates our policies. It is your responsibility to
ensure compliance with applicable laws, including trade rules as well as
import and customs regulations when offering your products to customers with
shipping addresses outside of the US. If you believe your product was
restricted incorrectly, you can [contact us](/cu/contact-us) and we will
investigate your claim.

#### How can I make my products compliant?

There are some products that cannot be sold to certain destinations and must
remain restricted. The [Compliance Reference](/ckp?ref_=xx_catadd_dnav_xx)
tool provides guidance on listing in some of the top stores. You can also
watch this Seller University
[video](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn/courses?ref_=selleru_athena&courseId=babd623d-5853-4c45-97a3-082e85f62820&moduleId=756748fd-1204-45b1-91bf-a498cf9f9bd2&modLanguage=English&contentType=VIDEO&category=TUTORIAL&videoPlayer=airy)
to learn how to use this tool.

It is important your listings are accurate and as detailed as possible.
Listings with clear titles, bullet points, and descriptions help customers
find your products in search pages and understand your listing when on your
detail page. High-quality listings not only help improve the customer
experience by making it easier for customers to find, evaluate, and buy your
products, but detailed product information also helps Amazon understand your
product so they can be correctly classified for international shipping. For
more information, go to [Listing quality](/gp/help/G200786710).

If you believe your product listing was removed from seller-fulfilled exports
in error, you can [contact us](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/cu/contact-us)
and we will investigate your claim.

#### How do I remove products that do not meet all requirements for seller-
fulfilled exports from my shipping templates?

To remove or edit a shipping template with international shipping enabled, go
to [Create, edit, or delete shipping templates](/gp/help/G201834090).

#### What countries are included in Seller-fulfilled Export?

You can include or exclude the countries you want to ship to in the [Shipping
settings](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx#shipping_templates) page in the
international shipping template.

The following countries are available for shipping:

Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden, United
Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Cyprus, Liechtenstein, Monaco,
Switzerland, Iceland, Norway, Albania, Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina,
Macedonia, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Vatican City State (Holy See),
Belarus, Ukraine, Georgia, Gibraltar, Moldova Republic of, Greenland, Faroe
Islands, Russia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands, China, Hong Kong, Macau,
Japan, Mongolia, South Korea, Taiwan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Iraq,
Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United
Arab Emirates, Yemen, Afghanistan, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia,
Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar,
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Bangladesh,
Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, British Indian Ocean
Territory, Canada, Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia,
Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela,
Falkland Islands (Malvinas), Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras,
Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Bahamas, Haiti, Dominican Republic, Barbados,
Trinidad and Tobago, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Cayman Islands,
Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Aruba, Bermuda, Dominica, Grenada, Guadeloupe,
Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Netherlands Antilles, Saint Kitts and Nevis,
Saint Lucia, Turks and Caicos Islands, Virgin Islands (British), Tanzania,
Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Comoros,
Mauritius, Seychelles, Malawi, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Madagascar, Mayotte,
Mozambique, Reunion, Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Congo
Democratic Republic of, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Sao Tome and Principe,
Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Tunisia, Western Sahara, Botswana, Lesotho,
Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Ivory
Coast, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria,
Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo, Mauritania, Saint Helena, Fiji, New Caledonia,
Papua New Guinea, Vanuatu, Solomon Islands, Kiribati, Nauru, Cook Islands,
French Polynesia, Niue, Pitcairn, Samoa, Tokelau, Tonga, Tuvalu, Wallis and
Futuna Islands, Australia, New Zealand, Norfolk Island, Cocos (Keeling)
Islands, and Christmas Island.

#### Where can I find more information about how to enable my products for
Seller-fulfilled Export?

Seller-fulfilled shipping (international shipping templates) allows you to use
shipping templates to manage your shipping settings across several products at
once (for example, service levels, shipping regions, transit times, and
shipping rates). You can enable international ship settings in your shipping
templates and choose which products and destinations you want to ship to. For
more information, go to [Create, edit, or delete shipping
templates](/gp/help/G201834090).

#### How can I see a list of my international orders?

To view all of your international orders, go to **Orders** > **Order reports**
and sort your report by “Ship Country.” The international country code or ISO
(International Standards Organization) will be listed in the report with a
two-letter country code (ISO 3166-2 compliant), for example: US.

#### What is the difference between FBA Export and Seller-fulfilled Export
programs?

For the FBA Export program, Amazon fulfills your international orders,
including handling import duty and customs clearance, and shipping your
product to the international buyer. For seller-fulfilled exports, you are
responsible for this. In both cases, Amazon provides export eligibility
reporting to help you understand which of your products are eligible for FBA
or Seller-fulfilled Export. In both cases, it is your responsibility as a
seller to understand whether your product is appropriate for sale from the
country you are shipping from to the destination in which your customers
reside.

