---
title: Seller-fulfilled Export
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GMYKB6VYBADZCGKA
section: General Documentation
---

## Seller-fulfilled Export fulfillment

As a seller, you can choose to list your products for sale to customers around
the world in one of our global programs. These are some of the programs
available for shipping products internationally:

  * **Seller-fulfilled shipping (international shipping templates)** : Shipping templates allow you to manage your shipping settings across several products at once, for example, service levels, shipping regions, transit times, and shipping rates. You can enable international shipping settings in your shipping templates and choose which products and destinations you want to ship to. For more information, go to [Create, edit, or delete shipping templates](/gp/help/G201834090).
  * **FBA Export** enables you to list your FBA products on Amazon and we export your orders to customers around the world. For more information, go to [FBA Export](/gp/help/G200149570).
  * **Amazon Global Selling** enables you to list and sell your products on several of our Amazon stores around the world. Ship your inventory to Amazon fulfillment centers in the countries you are listed in, and we deliver to the customer for you. For more information, go to [Amazon Global Selling](/gp/help/G201062890).
  * **Remote fulfillment with FBA** allows you to sell to customers in Canada and Mexico without having to send inventory to those countries. For more information, go to [Remote fulfillment with FBA](/gp/help/G5P3CDUHZWSZLXLB).

## Seller-fulfilled Export Enrollment

If you are fulfilling shipments using seller-fulfilled shipping programs, you
can enable international shipping in your shipping templates and select your
preferred destinations to ship to from a list of over 200 destinations. Before
you create a template, ensure you understand the [minimum requirements to
create shipping templates](/gp/help/202115770) and verify that your default
shipping address is accurate.

##  Eligible Products

When you decide to sell your products internationally through one of our
global programs, it is your responsibility as a seller to understand whether
your product is appropriate for sale from the country you are shipping from to
the destination in which your customers reside. Not all items are eligible to
sell through our global programs. It is important to ensure that you comply
with all applicable laws in each destination.

For example, you must confirm the following:

  * Applicable export and import laws permit the delivery of the product to each potential customer.
  * The product meets applicable consumer protection, product compliance, and environmental regulations in the destination.
  * The product complies with applicable regulations including but not limited to local age restrictions, usability requirements (for example, required product documentation), and product safety requirements and certifications (for example, comply with all hazardous materials restrictions, including required labeling on the product).
  * Sale and delivery of your product into the destination will not violate the intellectual property rights of others, for example, the product manufacturer.

**Note:** This list is not exhaustive and other restrictions may apply. You
are responsible to comply with all applicable laws.

If you supply a product in violation of the law or any of Amazon’s policies,
we will take corrective actions, as appropriate, including but not limited to
immediately suspending listings, terminating selling privileges, destroying
inventory in our fulfillment centers without reimbursement, returning
inventory, terminating the business relationship, and permanent withholding of
payments. The sale of illegal or unsafe products can also lead to legal
action, including civil and criminal penalties.

Products may not be eligible for export for a variety of reasons. Some of the
most common reasons are, but not limited to:

#### Export restrictions

For certain classes of products, the laws of the source country prohibit the
items from shipping internationally. For example, the US government prohibits
export of military products as a matter of national security. The following
types of products are generally restricted for export:

  * Weapons and imitation weapons
  * Plants, plant products, seeds, and soil
  * Animals and certain animal products
  * Surveillance equipment
  * Laser pointers and related products

#### Import restrictions

Even if a source country may allow exports of an item, destinations outside of
the US have their own policies regarding what may be imported. The policies
vary by destination. To avoid delays, customs clearance issues, and poor
customer experience, import laws restrict international shipment to all or
some destinations of the following types of products:

  * Alcohol
  * Weapons, weapon components, and weapon accessories, including defense sprays; BB, airsoft and paintball guns and parts; scopes; holsters; and carrying cases
  * Chemicals including pesticides, fertilizers, insecticides, industrial and automotive chemicals, and certain cleaners
  * Medicines including pet medicine as well as pet food and pet supplements
  * Medical devices including diagnostic kits, medical alert devices, and sex determination kits
  * Drug paraphernalia
  * Alcohol brewing equipment
  * Cryptographic electronic equipment
  * Gambling-related items and paraphernalia
  * Imitation currency

Additional restrictions are assessed on a destination-by-destination basis.

#### Other restrictions

In addition to the export or import restrictions outlined above, the products
you offer for sale on Amazon must also comply with your seller agreement,
including all other applicable laws, regulations, and Amazon policies. Before
listing products, ensure you understand all your responsibilities as a seller.
Products we believe violate Amazon’s internal policies may be restricted under
the category of “Other Restrictions” and will no longer be available for
purchase by international customers with shipping addresses outside of the US.
For example, products that are identified as counterfeit or illegally
replicated would be in violation of Amazon’s internal policies and would
therefore be restricted from international sales (and could also be removed
for sale for domestic customers). Ensure you are familiar with Amazon’s
program policies when listing.

For more information, go to [Amazon Program Policies](/gp/help/G521).

#### Pending Processing

A report which shows as **Pending Processing** for your ASIN or offer means we
have not calculated export eligibility for your product. Some reasons why your
product may not yet be calculated is that your product does not have an active
listing on it or your product is out of stock.

#### None

If your report shows **None** as the restriction type for that ASIN or offer,
this means there are currently no known restrictions for your product.

## Export Eligible Inventory Report

For a list of products from your inventory that are eligible for seller-
fulfilled export, go to [Inventory
reports](/listing/reports/ref=xx_invreport_dnav_xx) and select **Seller-
fulfilled Export Eligible Inventory report**. You can check the report even if
you do not have international shipping templates enabled. The report will show
which of your products are allowed for export if you were to choose to enable
international shipping in the future.

Products may not be allowed to ship internationally for a variety of reasons.
Once you have identified which products are export eligible for shipping
internationally, you can add them to your international shipping settings
template or remove restricted products in the [Shipping
Settings](/sbr/ref=xx_shipset_dnav_xx) page. Even if no action is taken,
restricted products will not be available for purchase by customers with
shipping addresses in restricted destinations.

Your report will appear as shown below:  1 | SKU | Stock Keeping Unit. The seller-defined unique identifier for a product. Example: AA786936215595  
---|---|---  
2 | ASIN | Amazon Standard Identification Number. An ASIN is a detail page identifier.  
3 | Product Name | Short title for the product displayed on the product detail page and in the browser title bar.  
4 | Source | The location of where your product is offered.  
5 | Restriction Type |  The type of restriction applied to the product which makes it not allowed to be shipped internationally. Restriction types are "**Import Restriction** ," "**Export Restriction** ," "**Other Restriction** ," "**Pending Processing** ,," and "**NONE**." See definitions for restriction types in the **Eligible Products** section above.  
6 | Export Eligible Destinations | The destinations that your product can ship to.  
7 | Restricted Destinations | The destinations where your product cannot be shipped to.  
  
For better understanding on the types of products that fall into the
restricted categories, go to the **Eligible Products** section above.

We continually monitor factors that can affect a product’s eligibility to
ensure they are safe to import to customers. When a product is restricted from
being shipped internationally, it is most likely because it violates one of
Amazon’s policies, trade compliance regulations, or applicable laws of the
destination. In some cases, a product could be allowed for international
fulfillment under a different fulfillment method, such as seller-fulfilled
internationally, but is not allowed for remote fulfillment with FBA. Reasons
include transportation constraints, high regulatory risk, or other potential
risks.

## Seller-fulfilled Export Eligible Inventory report for SP-API sellers

If you use SP-API to manage your Amazon business and have a SP-API eligible
seller account, you can use the following API operation to download the latest
seller-fulfilled Export Eligible Inventory report:

Report ID: 11000

Report type: GET_SELLER_FULFILLED_EXPORTS_ELIGIBILITY_REPORT

**Important:** In order to make your internationally eligible offers available
to customers outside of the US, you must ensure your international shipping
settings are enabled on your shipping templates. This allows the offer to be
shown, to customers residing outside the US, on the website. Products that are
export eligible on your report, but are not attached to an internationally
enabled shipping template will not be buyable to customers outside the US.

Additionally, it is important to ensure your products with listings outside
the US have high-quality information and all appropriate fields are populated,
such as “product description” and “bullet points.” High-quality listings not
only help improve the customer experience by making it easier for customers to
find, evaluate, and buy your products but detailed product information also
helps Amazon understand your product so they can be correctly classified for
international sale. For more information, go to [Listing
quality](/gp/help/G200786710).

We are constantly innovating on behalf of our customers and working with
regulators, third party experts, vendors, and sellers to improve the ways we
detect and prevent illegal and unsafe products from reaching our stores and
our global customers. Amazon encourages you to report listings that violate
Amazon's policies or applicable laws by [contacting us](/cu/contact-us). We
will investigate each report thoroughly and take appropriate action.

## Additional resources

For additional help in ensuring your international listings are compliant, go
to the below resources:

  * [Compliance](/ckp): Ensure your products meet required world-wide rules and regulations with services that provide product testing, certification, audits, inspection, labeling, and trade-related compliance.
  * [Amazon Seller Central Partner Network](/gp/help/G201687890): Find compliance assistance from one of our solutions providers to help make your products compliant.

For additional information about your responsibilities as an international
seller, go to [Important information for international
sellers](/gp/help/200404870).

For more information on listing requirements, go to [Category, product, and
listing restrictions](/gp/help/G200301050).

To include or exclude destinations from your shipping templates, edit your
**Deliverable Regions** in the **Shipping Options, Regions, and Rates**
section. For more information, go to [Create, edit, or delete shipping
templates](/gp/help/G201834090).

To remove a listing from an **International Template** , select from one of
the following options, go to [Assign SKUs to shipping
templates](/gp/help/G201841600).

To view your international orders, go to **Order report** > **Manage orders**
to view orders by country. For more information, go to [Order
reports](/gp/help/G651).

There are several methods to process international returns for orders from our
stores. To review international customer return methods, go to [Customer
returns for international sales](/gp/help/G201468550).

