---
title: Selling from India
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201756390
section: General Documentation
---

The electronic Foreign Inward Remittance Certificate (e-FIRC) is an electronic
document for inward remittances entering India. It provides proof that an
individual or a business has received a payment in foreign currency from
outside India against exports. Amazon sellers from India who are selling on
marketplaces other than Amazon.in can use the e-FIRC issued by their
authorized dealer bank as proof of export.

**Note:** HSBC India will share remittance details only for sellers who have
directly remitted proceeds to their India bank account (via Amazon Currency
Converter for Sellers). HSBC India will not share remittance details for
sellers who are using a non-Indian bank account and who are managing
disbursements outside of Amazon.

##  HSBC India account holders

If you are receiving remittance from Amazon into your HSBC account, HSBC India
should automatically issue an e-FIRC to you. If you have not received this,
please contact your HSBC India office or HSBC India Remittance Operations.

Remittance Operations, HSBC

NESCO IT Park, Building No. 3, Level 10

Western Express Highway

Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400063

##  Non-HSBC India account holders

For sellers who are not HSBC India account holders, the following frequently
asked questions detail the process of obtaining an e-FIRC.

#### How do I request an e-FIRC?

The e-FIRC request must be made to your authorized dealer bank (the bank
through which you receive your Amazon disbursement). For every transaction, on
the Monday after the transaction day, HSBC India will email the following
details to the central processing unit of your authorized dealer bank:

  * Name and address of the Remitter
  * Name of the remitting bank
  * Reference number of credit 
  * Purpose Code of the remittance

Your bank would have to use these details, make an entry in the Export Data
Processing and Monitoring System (EDPMS), and get an Inward Remittance (IRM)
number. Your bank can then issue the e-FIRC based on the IRM number.

#### Is a separate e-FIRC required for each disbursement received from Amazon?

Yes. Each disbursement from your Amazon seller account made to your bank will
require a separate e-FIRC, and would need to be updated in EDPMS by your bank
to get the respective IRM numbers.

####  Is there a fee for the e-FIRC?

HSBC India does not charge anything for emailing the remittance details to
your bank. You would need to contact your bank to get the e-FIRC.

####  How long will it take to receive the e-FIRC?

HSBC India will automatically email the remittance details to the central
processing unit of your authorized dealer bank by the subsequent Monday of the
day of the transaction. You would need to approach your authorized dealer bank
to get the e-FIRC. Processing times for issuing the e-FIRC will vary by bank.

####  Who contacts HSBC with the request for the e-FIRC?

No one needs to contact HSBC for the e-FIRC (neither you nor your bank). HSBC
will automatically email the remittance details to your authorized dealer
bank.

####  Who do I contact with questions?

You can contact your authorized dealer bank branch.

####  When did this process come into force?

The e-FIRC process is applicable for all remittance after June 1, 2016.

This process is as per RBI circular dated May 26, 2016 (RBI/2015-16/414
Circular No.74), and FEDAI circulars (No.09/2016 dated June 8, 2016 and
No.16/2016 dated October 17, 2016).

####  What should I do for remittances before June 2016?

For remittances received before June 2016, e-FIRC is not applicable. Instead,
HSBC will issue a Customer Advice.

####  For remittance before June 2016, how do I get the Customer Advice from
HSBC?

For getting the Customer Advice, your authorized dealer bank has to write to
HSBC.

Send the letter to the HSBC India Remittance Operations office:

Remittance Operations, HSBC

NESCO IT Park, Building No. 3, Level 10

Western Express Highway

Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400063

HSBC will issue the Customer Advice within 7 days of receipt of the request
letter from your authorized dealer bank.

If you are experiencing processing times that exceed these estimates, please
contact Amazon [Seller Support](/hz/contact-us).

