---
title: Seller Fulfilled Prime performance requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202072550
section: General Documentation
---

Your Seller Fulfilled Prime performance will be reviewed on a weekly basis,
from Sunday through Saturday. To retain eligibility in the program, you must
meet the following performance requirements on your Seller Fulfilled Prime
offers and orders.  
  
  * On-time delivery of at least 93.5%
  * Valid tracking rate of at least 99%
  * Cancellation rate of no more than 0.5%
  * Delivery speed as defined below

For more information, go to [Maintain enrollment in Seller Fulfilled
Prime.](/gp/help/G201812270)

Use your [Seller Fulfilled Prime performance dashboard](/seller-fulfilled-
prime/seller-performance) to monitor your performance against minimum
requirements. You can download reports for delivery speed and order defects to
identify the root cause of offers and orders that are negatively affecting
your performance. Learn more about the [order defects
report](/gp/help/G202072570) for fulfillment metrics and the [speed
report](/gp/help/G4EPNZYYU6ELW96U) for the delivery speed requirements.

## List of performance requirements

## On-time delivery

On-time delivery is the number of Prime units that are delivered on or before
the promised delivery date that appears in the order details, divided by the
number of Prime units that had a delivery scan. The only exemption to the on-
time delivery requirement will be units that have promise extensions applied,
which is expected to occur only during severe weather or major events where
carrier capacity is constrained.

To reflect Prime customers' expectations, the minimum performance requirements
for on-time delivery will be refreshed quarterly. Any increase will be
communicated at least 45 days before the change is effective.

The on-time delivery requirement currently in effect is **93.5% or higher**.

To see which orders are negatively affecting your on-time delivery rate, look
for orders with an “X” in the **Eligibility metric: Delivered late without a
promise extension?** column of your defects report.

## Valid tracking rate

Valid tracking rate is the number of Prime packages with a valid tracking ID
divided by the number of Prime packages for which shipment has been confirmed.
There will be no exemptions to the valid tracking rate metric for Seller
Fulfilled Prime.

The valid tracking rate requirement currently in effect is **99% or higher**.

For a tracking ID to be considered valid, it must have a first scan from an
Amazon-integrated carrier. For more information, go to [Valid tracking
rate](/gp/help/G201817070).

To see what orders are negatively affecting your valid tracking rate, look for
orders with an “X” in the **Eligibility metric: Invalid tracking?** column of
your defects report.

## Cancellation rate

Cancellation rate is the count of Prime units canceled by you divided by the
total number of Prime units ordered. To calculate this metric, we consider all
cancellations initiated by you for any reason. There will be no exemptions to
the cancellation rate metric for Seller Fulfilled Prime.

A customer can cancel an order up to 30 minutes after placing it with no
action required from you. If after 30 minutes of placing an order a customer
officially requests an order cancellation, you can cancel the order and it
will not count against your cancellation rate metric.

The cancellation rate requirement currently in effect is **0.5% or less**.

To see what’s affecting your cancellation rate, look for orders with an “X” in
the **Eligibility metric: Canceled by seller?** column of your defects report.

## Delivery speed metrics

Delivery speed is the count of Prime customer page views where your offer was
featured and the customer saw an offer speed of less than or equal to (≤) 1
day or ≤ 2 days.

The page view will be counted in the **≤ 1 day threshold** if the customer saw
a same-day or next-day delivery promise.

The page view will be counted in the **≤ 2 days threshold** if the customer
saw a same-day, next-day, or two-day delivery promise.

If the customer saw a delivery promise of **3 days or more** , this will be
counted in the total detail page views but not considered in ≤ 1 day or ≤ 2
days. The delivery speed calculation incorporates all page views by Prime
customers in the contiguous US. The only exemption to the delivery speed
requirement will be page views that have promise extensions applied, which is
expected to occur only during severe weather or during major events where
carrier capacity is constrained.

**Note:** An offer can be configured for one-day or two-day delivery but
provide a three-, four-, or even five-plus-day promise when viewed by the
customer due to order cutoff times, seller weekend operations, carrier weekend
operations, and holidays.

To reflect Prime customers' expectations, the minimum performance requirements
for delivery speed will be refreshed quarterly. Any increase will be
communicated at least 45 days before the change is effective.

The minimum requirements for delivery speed by size tier are below, and vary
during the holiday season to allow for carriers' network constraints. You can
also view the metrics on the [Seller Fulfilled Prime performance
dashboard](/seller-fulfilled-prime/seller-performance). From the dashboard,
you can download a [speed report](/gp/help/G4EPNZYYU6ELW96U) that shows you
ASINs that have affected your delivery speed metrics.

|  **2024 holiday season requirements (new)** | **Current non-holiday season requirements (no change)**  
---|---|---  
**Size tier** | **≤ 1 day** | **≤ 2 days** | **≤ 1 day** | **≤ 2 days**  
Standard size | ≥ 20% | ≥ 45% | ≥ 30% | ≥ 70%  
Oversize | ≥ 5% | ≥ 30% | ≥ 10% | ≥ 45%  
Extra large | N/A | ≥ 15% | N/A | ≥ 15%  
  
The date range for the holiday season period may vary each year. For 2024, it
begins on November 24, 2024, and ends on January 4, 2025.

## List of supporting metrics

The following metrics are available in the [Seller Fulfilled Prime performance
dashboard](/seller-fulfilled-prime/seller-performance) to help you better
understand your performance to support you in improving on-time delivery and
valid tracking rate. These metrics are informational and do not have minimum
requirements associated to them.

**Note:** Orders in the defect report are only included if they miss **one or
more** of the performance metrics listed above. An order listed in the defect
report for missing a performance metric will also indicate if it missed any
supporting metrics with an “X” under the applicable supporting metric column.
However, if an order only misses one or more supporting metrics and no
performance metrics, it will not be included in the order defects report.

## On-time shipment

The on-time shipment rate is the number of Prime units with a carrier first
scan on or before the estimated ship date divided by the number of Prime units
with a carrier first scan. On-time shipment is important to monitor, as it is
a component to improving your on-time delivery. If items are not shipped on
time, they may have a lower chance of being delivered on time.

A unit is considered shipped when the carrier scans the unit’s package for the
first time, not when you confirm shipment in Seller Central. To be considered
shipped on time, any order that was placed before your order cut-off time must
receive a first scan on the same day.

To see which orders have been shipped late and may be impacting your on-time
delivery, look for orders with an “X” in the **Supporting metric: Shipped late
(carrier first scan)?** and **Eligibility metric: Delivered late without a
promise extension?** columns in your defects report.

## Amazon Buy Shipping usage

The Amazon Buy Shipping usage rate is the number of Prime units shipped where
the shipping label was purchased through Amazon Buy Shipping, divided by the
number of Prime units for which shipment has been confirmed. Amazon Buy
Shipping provides benefits such as ensuring valid tracking, highlighting
shipping services that are expected to meet the promised delivery date, and
protecting you against claims where the buyer reports that an item was not
delivered.

Monitoring your Amazon Buy Shipping usage is one way to identify opportunities
to improve valid tracking and on-time delivery as a Seller Fulfilled Prime
seller.

To see which packages have invalid tracking and shipped outside of Amazon Buy
Shipping, look for orders with an “X” in the **Supporting metric: Purchased
label outside Buy Shipping Services?** and **Eligibility metric: Invalid
tracking?** columns in your defects report.

To see which orders have been delivered late and shipped with a shipping label
not purchased on Amazon Buy shipping, look for orders with an “X” in the
**Supporting metric: Purchased label outside Buy Shipping Services?** and
**Eligibility metric: Delivered late without a promise extension?** columns in
your defects report.

