---
title: Seller Fulfilled Prime speed report
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G4EPNZYYU6ELW96U
section: General Documentation
---

The Seller Fulfilled Prime speed report shows the list of Seller Fulfilled
Prime offers you listed on Amazon and the number of detail page views for
which a specific customer-facing speed threshold was achieved.

Delivery speed is the count of Prime customer page views where your offer was
featured and the customer saw an offer speed of less than or equal to (≤) 1
day, ≤ 2 days, or greater than (>) 2 days. The page view will be counted in
the ≤ 1 day threshold if the customer saw a same-day or next-day delivery
promise.

The page view will be counted in the ≤ 2 days threshold if the customer saw a
same-day, next-day, or two-day delivery promise. If the customer saw a
delivery promise of 3 days or more, this will be counted in the > 2 days
threshold. The delivery speed calculation incorporates all page views by Prime
customers in the contiguous US.

The only exemption to the delivery speed requirement will be page views that
have promise extensions applied, which is expected to occur only during severe
weather or during major events where carrier capacity is constrained.

**Note:** An offer can be configured for one-day or two-day delivery but
provide a 3, 4, or even 5+ day promise when viewed by the customer due to
order cut-off times, seller weekend operations, carrier weekend operations,
and holidays.

To download the speed report, go to the [Seller Fulfilled Prime performance
dashboard](/seller-fulfilled-prime/seller-performance) and select **Download
speed report** under the **Speed metrics** section.

## Fields included in the Seller Fulfilled Prime speed report

#### ASIN

Amazon Standard Identification Number (ASIN) is a unique identifier for items
listed for sale on Amazon.com. The ASIN is assigned by Amazon. You can
understand which ASINs are contributing to slower delivery speeds in the speed
report and determine which shipping templates they are associated with by
visiting the Product list page on [Manage Seller Fulfilled Products](/seller-
fulfilled-product/analytics/ref=xx_msfp_dnav_xx#PRODUCTS_LIST). Consider
updating those shipping templates to provide faster delivery speeds by using
next-day air/express shipping services.

#### Date

The date when the page views occurred for the item defined in the ASIN column.

#### Size tier

The size tier column represents the size tier classification for the item
listed in the ASIN column. Size tiers include standard-size, oversize, or
extra large.

Delivery speed requirements differ by size tier, so it is important to
understand your delivery speed performance for each size tier in relation to
the requirements.

Learn more about the size tier definitions at [Seller Fulfilled Prime size
tier weight and dimensions](/gp/help/G8Z8W3UU58Q9KDT7) and the delivery speed
thresholds at [Seller Fulfilled Prime performance
requirements](/gp/help/G202072550).

#### Same-day detail page views

The number of detail page views with a same-day delivery promise.

#### ≤ 1 day detail page views

The number of detail page views with a delivery promise less than or equal to
(≤) 1 day. The page view will be counted in the ≤ 1 day threshold if the
customer saw a same-day or next-day delivery promise.

#### ≤ 2 days detail page views

The number of detail page views with a delivery promise less than or equal to
(≤) 2 days. The page view will be counted in the ≤ 2 days threshold if the
customer saw a same-day, next-day, or two-day delivery promise.

#### > 2 days detail page views

The number of detail page views with greater than (>) 2 days delivery promise.
The page view will be counted in the > 2 days threshold if the customer saw a
delivery promise of 3 days or more.

