---
title: Selling Services on Amazon Policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201840340
section: General Documentation
---

This policy requires that all sellers of services, and all product sellers who
provide accompanying services, coordinated delivery or pickup of products at a
customer's residence, business, or other location designated by the customer
(“Service Providers”), must follow certain guidelines to ensure a safe and
ideal experience for customers and Service Providers. Failure to comply with
this policy may result in a warning, suspension of your orders, or termination
of your selling privileges.  
  
## Buyer-Seller Communication Policy

As a Service Provider, unless we inform you in writing that you are exempt
from this policy, you can only contact a customer by using an Amazon
communication channel such as buyer-seller messaging or an Amazon selling app.
You may not use customer personal data or an Amazon communication channel to
contact customers in any way for marketing or promotional purposes, or for
reasons unrelated to order fulfillment.

## Cancellation Policy

To ensure the best experience for customers, Amazon may deduct a $50
cancellation fee for order cancellations caused by the Service Provider. Learn
more about the [Cancellation Fee](/gp/help/202124970) and how to [Manage
Service Orders](/gp/help/201484490).

## Payment Acceptance Policy

As a Service Provider, you will ensure all payments (including refunds and
discounts) for service and product orders and custom requests initiated
through Amazon.com are processed through Amazon.com. You must not solicit or
request payment for additional services, products, or parts beyond those
listed in the scope of work on the service detail page for the applicable
service order.

If we determine that you or your personnel circumvent this policy, we may
withhold any payments to you until the completion of any related
investigation, or recover any amounts owed to customers or Amazon by any
method provided in your seller agreement.

## Unaccompanied Minors

As a Service Provider, you will never perform in-home services while an
unaccompanied minor is inside the home. You will ensure that a child's parent
or guardian is present at all times.

## Zero Tolerance Policy

Amazon will investigate and may immediately suspend selling privileges for
Service Providers or their personnel pending our investigation of any of the
following customer-reported incidents:

  * Assigning a technician to a service job, arranged product delivery or return pickup at a customer's residence, business, or other location designated by the customer without a successful background check or any required professional license or certification.
  * Fraudulent or offensive behavior (including information on your account, communication between you and Amazon, communication between you and customers, and your behavior on the customer's property or designated service location).
  * Illegal activity in the course of performing your services.
  * Property damage in excess of $1,000.

A technician reported or appearing to be under the influence of drugs or
alcohol on the job.Visit [this
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G200370560?language=en_US&ref=ag_G200370560_cont_G201840340)
to learn how to appeal the restriction or removal of your selling privileges.

