---
title: Seller Best Practices
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200587810
section: General Documentation
---

Here are ten tips that can help you be successful selling on Amazon.

#### Provide accurate product data:

Use unique standard identifiers (UPC/EAN/ISBN) when creating or matching to
product detail pages. Make sure your product description and condition notes
are clear and helpful to buyers. It's important that buyers get exactly the
product described on the detail page where you place your listing.

#### Check for orders daily:

To ship quickly you need to find out about orders promptly. If you have signed
up for order notifications, we will email you when you have a sale, but emails
are unreliable and can be caught by spam filters. That is why we recommend
checking for orders daily on Seller Central. Under the Orders link you can
view a list of orders and set up automatic order reports. [Learn more about
checking orders](/gp/help/200198170)

#### Confirm when you ship:

Amazon charges the buyer's credit card only after shipment is Confirmed. Once
an order is placed, you are responsible for confirming shipment within the
time that you specified in your shipping settings. (The default is two
business days.) To do this, on the **Orders** link click the **Confirm
Shipment** button. [Learn more about confirming shipment](/gp/help/200197960).

#### Check your inventory regularly:

Keep an eye on quantity of inventory you have in stock, especially if you sell
in multiple channels. Customers who submit orders for products that turn out
not to be in stock are likely to leave negative feedback. If you get into this
situation, the best move is to quickly inform the buyer and, if appropriate,
offer to compensate them for their trouble. [Learn more about managing
inventory](/gp/help/551).

#### Keep pricing accurate at all times:

The **More Buying Choices** page displays the lowest priced items first.
Amazon shoppers are always looking for the best deals and are more inclined to
purchase items that appear at the top of the **More Buying Choices** page.

#### Be sure to align your shipping and fulfillment policies:

The best way to avoid disappointing buyers is to set expectations and then
meet them. When creating your shipping policy clearly let customers know how
often orders are processed, how frequently you ship, the carriers you use, and
how to contact you with shipping related questions. Buyers will be
disappointed if their item arrives late or the item is damaged; this can lead
to negative feedback, refunds, or A-to-z Guarantee claims, all of which may
have negative consequences for your account.

#### Be accessible to customers:

Nothing is more frustrating to a buyer than not knowing the status of their
order. Respond quickly to buyer contacts and notify them when an order's
shipment is delayed. Make it easy for customers to know how to reach you so
that they trust that you will make their sales experience go smoothly.

#### Build a good feedback rating:

Customers pay close attention to feedback, and so do we as we monitor your
performance. We've found that the keys to good feedback are accurately
describing your items, getting items to buyers quickly, and being prompt in
responding to buyer questions. You may also want to solicit feedback on your
packing slips. [Learn more about feedback](/gp/help/761).

#### Handle returns and refunds gracefully:

No one looks forward to taking returns and making refunds, but it is part of
selling and a requirement of the Amazon sales process. Taking returns
gracefully can lead to better feedback about your customer service. You are
required to take returns of most items up to 30 days after delivery and your
policy must be at least as favorable as Amazon's current policy (for more
information see your seller agreement).

#### Know where to look for answers:

Take time to examine all the tools on Seller Central as well as your legal
agreement and our other policies. If you have questions, a good place to begin
is the Help link in the upper right corner of any **Seller Central** page. [Go
to Help](/help/home).

