---
title: Sellers with warehouse inside and outside of Australia
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GT5ARTCBXQTFSY3F
section: General Documentation
---

#### I am an MFN seller and have warehouses inside and outside of Australia.
What do I need to do?

To distinguish between orders fulfilled from inside Australia and orders
fulfilled from outside Australia, and to allow compliance with Australian GST
legislation, you must sign up for a second Selling on Amazon account on
amazon.com.au to list your inventory that is fulfilled from inside Australia.

If you fulfill orders shipping to a customer in Australia from your warehouse
located within Australia, you must create an amazon.com.au account and provide
GST inclusive prices to comply with any GST obligations to the Australian
Taxation Office (ATO).

If you fulfill orders shipping to a customer in Australia from your warehouse
located outside of Australia, you can continue to list your inventory on
amazon.com, provide GST exclusive pricing, and Amazon will calculate, collect,
and remit any GST liability to the ATO.

#### How do I sign up for a new Selling on Amazon account on amazon.com.au?

If you are new to selling on amazon.com.au, you can visit the [Linking
accounts help page](/gp/help/G201841950) to review instructions on how to
register for your new amazon.com.au selling account, and link your account to
amazon.com. Linking accounts unifies your selling experience across Amazonâ€™s
international stores and lets you more easily manage and scale your global
business.

If you are already selling on amazon.com.au, you can also visit the [Linking
accounts help page](/gp/help/G201841950) to review instructions on how to link
your existing amazon.com.au account and amazon.com account.

On both of your Selling on Amazon accounts, navigate to Shipping Settings and
then to General Shipping Settings. On this page, please add your accurate
Ship-From location. You must provide Amazon with accurate information about
where your order ships from. For example, your Ship-from location for items
shipped from your warehouse located in Australia should be set to an address
in Australia.

#### Do I need to pay an additional monthly subscription fee for my new
amazon.com.au selling on Amazon account?

No. Linking accounts will limit your total monthly subscription fee for all
your linked accounts to $39.99 (USD), or $49.95 (AUD). When you link accounts,
you will pay the full fee for each region for the first month. After that,
starting with the next monthly billing cycle, you will pay just $39.99 (USD)
per month. You can see your fee discount in the transaction details section of
your Payments report.

**Note:** If you choose not to link your accounts, you can sign up for an
amazon.com.au selling account by visiting https://services.amazon.com.au and
clicking **Register Now** to create your new selling account. Please be
informed that without linking accounts, you will pay the full fee for each
region on a monthly basis.

#### How does Amazon determine my Ship-From location and distinguish between
items I export to Australia, and items I ship within Australia?

Amazon determines your Ship-From location using the Shipping Addresses set on
Shipping Settings in your Selling on Amazon account. For sellers who ship to
customers in Australia from both inside and outside of Australia, follow the
above steps to create separate accounts, and provide the correct Shipping
Address in the Shipping Settings for each account.

#### What happens if my Ship-From location is set to Australia but I am
shipping an item from outside Australia?

You must provide Amazon with accurate information about where your order ships
from. Failure to do so may result in Amazon incorrectly calculating the GST
payable. Misrepresenting your Ship-From location may also have other
consequences and result in action being taken by Amazon on your account,
including termination of your seller account.

Items shipped from outside of Australia that do not include the required
customs documentation and that have not had GST collected may be held up at
customs and may be seized, incur delays, or be subject to fines or other
consequences. In addition, if the buyer does not receive their order, you will
not be paid for the sale.

