---
title: Selling Services Terms
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201484410
section: General Documentation
---

**Selling Services Terms**

These terms supplement your seller agreement and apply to the offer and sale
of Your Services through the Selling on Amazon service.

**"Your Services"** means any services that you offer through the Selling on
Amazon service, including product installation, assembly, repair or other
professional services; coordinated delivery and return pickup of products,
such as scheduled delivery and returns; and any other services offered in
connection with the sale of Your Products.

**Your Responsibilities.** In addition to the obligations described in your
seller agreement, you will and will cause any affiliate or third party
administering, warranting, or otherwise involved in the offer, sale, or
performance of Your Services, including your employees, representatives,
agents, contractors, subcontractors, and carriers (collectively **"Your
Personnel"**) to:

  1. perform Your Services in accordance with the information set forth on the applicable service description page on Amazon.com and in accordance with any applicable product instructions, user manuals, manufacturer specifications, and other requirements set forth on the product detail page on Amazon.com;
  2. perform Your Services in a competent and workmanlike manner in accordance with the level of professional care customarily observed by highly skilled professionals rendering similar services;
  3. comply with the [Service Level Requirements](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/help.html?itemID=202043250&language=en_US&ref=efph_202043250_cont_G201484410), the [Selling Services on Amazon Policies](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/help.html?itemID=G201840340&language=en_US&ref=ag_G201840340_cont_G521), and other policies that Amazon may designate; and, upon request, provide Amazon with reports (in a form designated by Amazon) relating to your compliance with these requirements;
  4. maintain industry standards and any other certifications, licenses, and other authorizations required by applicable laws or regulations, and document the existence of such credentials in your Seller Central Account, and provide copies to us upon request;
  5. maintain and adhere to drug and alcohol testing policies that meet or exceed the industry standards or best practices for Your Services and, upon request, provide Amazon with information related to those policies (in a form designated by Amazon), including their enforcement;
  6. use customer personal data made available to you solely for the purpose of communicating with purchasers of Your Services to coordinate Your Services appointment in accordance with Amazon policies, and ensure that any third-party software you use in rendering Your Services similarly protects customer personal data;
  7. not in any way represent to customers that you or Your Personnel are Amazon or that you or Your Personnel are acting on behalf of Amazon;
  8. obtain any and all local building, inspection, and user permits, or similar regulatory filings required for the performance of Your Services; 
  9. comply with all governmental guidelines, including federal, state and local guidance, for safely performing in-home delivery and services as such guidelines relate to infectious diseases such as COVID-19; and
  10. comply with all other requirements designated by Amazon.

**Representations and Warranties.** You represent and warrant that: (a) Your
Services and all aspects of their offer, sale, and performance will comply
with all applicable laws, including employment laws and regulations, workplace
health and safety laws, and any applicable licensing, registration, or permit
requirements; and (b) you and Your Personnel are authorized to lawfully
provide Your Services, including under any applicable immigration and work
status laws.

**Additional Services and Products.** Without limiting any other restrictions
on your use of information made available through the Selling on Amazon
service, you and Your Personnel will not at any time solicit orders for any
products or services that are not described in the applicable order
notification from, or market such products and services to, any Person that
has ordered your products or Your Services, except as expressly permitted by
your seller agreement and applicable Amazon policies.

**Background Checks.** You and Your Personnel who will be performing any of
Your Services at a customer's residence, business, or other location
designated by the customer must successfully pass an individual background
check conducted by a third party acting on our behalf, unless we inform you in
writing that you are exempt from this requirement. We may also, at any time
and for any reason, (a) require or conduct additional background checks on
you, Your Personnel, or your business; (b) request information regarding your
own background check policies and procedures; (c) request additional
information pertaining to you or Your Personnel; or (d) access and use the
information contained in the background checks conducted by a third party
acting on our behalf in order to determine compliance with these terms or for
fraud prevention purposes. If we make such requests, you will cooperate with
Amazon and any third party acting on our behalf. The individual and business
background check decision criteria will not be made available to you. By
providing any of the foregoing information, you agree to obtain any necessary
consents from Your Personnel to enable Amazon to use such information as
permitted by law.

**Insurance.** Unless we inform you in writing that you are exempt from these
requirements, and regardless of the amount of gross proceeds from Your
Services, you will maintain and cause your affiliates (including through a
third party) to maintain at all times while you provide Your Services the
following: (a) commercial general liability insurance with a limit of
$1,000,000 U.S. dollars per occurrence and in aggregate to cover liabilities
caused by or occurring in conjunction with the offer, sale, and performance of
Your Services; (b) workers' compensation insurance, including but not limited
to coverage for all costs, benefits, and liabilities under workers'
compensation and similar laws that may accrue in favor of any provider of Your
Services, and naming Amazon, its affiliates and assignees as additional
insureds, as required by applicable laws or regulations in all states where
you provide Your Services; and (c) auto liability insurance with limits of at
least $300,000 U.S. dollars per loss if the performance of any of Your
Services involves the operation of an automobile or other motor vehicle. In
the event of a customer claim for damages in connection with Your Services,
you will (y) authorize Amazon, its assignees, or designated representatives to
file a claim for damages with your insurer on the customer's behalf; and (z)
provide reasonable support or assistance to facilitate any such claim. You
will document the existence of proper coverage in your Seller Central Account,
and keep such documentation up-to-date. At our request, you will provide to us
certificates of insurance for the coverage by email at
[coi@amazon.com](mailto:coi@amazon.com) or c/o Amazon, P.O. Box 81226,
Seattle, WA 98108-1226, Attention: Risk Management.

**Fees.** For more information about fees that apply to selling Your Services,
see
[here](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/help.html/ref=ls_202146410_cont_202124970?ie=UTF8&itemID=202146410)
or search seller Help for "referral fees." Fees applicable to the sale of your
products are found [here](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/200336920).

