---
title: Seller Wallet registration FAQ for sellers from the US
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GL5UCXLN6PH8Y9US
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

This page contains information and frequently asked questions to help sellers
from the US register for Amazon Seller Wallet. For more general frequently
asked questions, go to [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ).

For information about the registration process, go to [Seller Wallet
registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

When you register for Seller Wallet, you must provide us with up-to-date
information and documents related to your business, the point of contact for
your business, and the beneficial owners of your business. Amazon is required
by law to verify your personal and business information before you can use our
service.

The information that you provide will help ensure the safety and security of
all transactions done through Seller Wallet. During registration, we may ask
you to provide the following documents:

  * Registration extract: Proof-of-business existence
  * Identity proof document: Proof-of-identify for the point of contact and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Proof-of-address document: Proof-of-address for the business, point of contact, and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Letter of authorization: Letter must be signed by the legal representative if the point of contact is not the legal representative
  * Share allotment document (for example, statute document): Document must show the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company (individual sellers are not required to provide this document)

## What business type should I select when I register for Seller Wallet?

Select and confirm your business type carefully, since incorrect information
may cause Amazon to be unable to process your Seller Wallet registration. Make
sure that you review the business types available in your region or country on
the applicable registration help page.

Seller Wallet may only be used for business or commercial purposes. It may not
be used for personal, family, or household purposes.

The following business types are available if your business is based in the
US.

**Privately-owned business** : Select this business type if your business does
not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market
exchanges. Instead, your business’s stock is offered, owned and traded or
exchanged privately.

**Publicly-listed business** : Select this business type if the ownership of
your business is organized via shares of stock which are intended to be freely
traded on a stock exchange or in over-the-counter markets.

**Charity** : Select this business type if the primary objectives of your
business are philanthropy and social well-being (for example, educational,
religious, or other activities serving the public interest or common good).

**State-owned business** : Select this business type if the government or
state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority
ownership of your business.

**Individual** : Select this business type if your business is owned and run
by one person without a business name.

## What documents are accepted as identity proof documents for point of
contact or beneficial owners?

  * **Passport** : If you’d like to provide a passport, ensure that your passport is valid (not expired). Include the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature.
  * **National identity card** : If you’d like to provide a US national identity card, ensure that you provide both sides of a valid national ID. 
  * **Driver’s license** : If you’d like to provide a driver’s license, please also provide your birth certificate or passport.

## What documents are accepted as registration extract?

If your business is a limited liability company or a corporation, provide one
of the following documents:

  * Articles or certificate of organization
  * Articles or certificate of incorporation
  * Articles or certificate of formation
  * If your articles or certificate are not dated within 180 days, also provide one of the following documents:
    * Certificate of good standing
    * Certificate of (account) status 
    * Valid (not expired) business license

If your business is a partnership, provide articles or a certificate of
formation or organization (or equivalent) from your state of formation.
Otherwise, provide one of the following documents:

  * Document confirming payment of employment tax or excise tax
  * Annual return of income
  * Document issued by the IRS related to obtaining a tax ID number or permit
  * Fictitious Business Name statement or Assumed Name statement

If your business is a limited partnership, provide articles or a certificate
of formation or organization (or equivalent) from your state of formation. If
it is more than 180 days old, also provide one of the following documents:

  * Valid (not expired) business license
  * Certificate of good standing dated within 180 days

If your business is a limited liability partnership, provide one of the
following documents:

  * Articles or a certificate of formation or organization (or equivalent) from your state of formation 
  * Certificate of registration
  * If your certificate or articles are more than 180 days old, also provide one of the following documents:
    * Valid (not expired) business license
    * Certificate of good standing dated within 180 days

If your business is a charity, provide both your articles of incorporation and
by-laws. If the articles of incorporation are more than 180 days old, also
provide one of the following documents:

  * Certificate of good standing
  * Certificate of (account) status 
  * Valid (not expired) business license

If your business is a sole proprietorship, provide a document confirming
payment of income tax or self-employment tax issued by the IRS.

## What documents are accepted as proof of address documents?

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * Gas bill
  * TV bill
  * Cable bill
  * Water bill
  * Electricity bill
  * Internet bill
  * Phone bill
  * Bank account statement

The document must be dated within 180 days. A proof of address document
showing only a PO Box cannot be accepted unless the document is a utility bill
that also shows a service address matching the address provided during
registration.

For the proof of address document to verify your business address, the name on
the document must match the business name.

For the proof of address documents to verify the residential address of the
point of contact or the beneficial owners, the name on the document must match
the name of each of the person being verified.

## What is a share allotment document (for example, statute document)? What
documents are accepted as share allotment documents (for example, statute
documents)?

A share allotment document (for example, statute document) is a document that
shows the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner
and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company.

If your business is a limited liability company (LLC), provide an operating
agreement. If your operating agreement is more than 12 months old, also
include a written confirmation of beneficial owners signed by a legal
representative of the business and dated within 12 months.

  * If your business is a corporation, provide by-laws signed by all of the beneficial owners. In addition, provide a written confirmation of beneficial owners and their percentage shareholding, signed by a legal representative and dated within 12 months.
  * If your business is a partnership, limited partnership, or limited liability partnership, please provide your partnership agreement, limited partnership agreement, or limited liability partnership agreement.
  * If your business is a charity, provide a list of trustees (including each trustee’s full name and date of birth) signed by a legal representative and dated within 180 days.

## What does Seller Wallet expect to receive as a letter of authorization for
the point of contact?

If you’re not the legal representative of the business, you must provide the
following information to be eligible for Seller Wallet. We expect to receive a
statement like the following example or something comparable:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

+++++++++

[Letterhead of the company]

POWER TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

The undersigned [name of company] (herein after, the "Company"), duly
represented by (name and function) [full name and function of the signatory],
confirms that [full name of the point of contact] is authorized to register
for Seller Wallet, accept the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and other
policies, have access to the Seller Wallet account, and initiate transactions
in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Dated this

Signed by:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How will I be notified if you require additional information?

If we require additional information, you’ll be notified through the email
address associated with your seller account.

## How can I upload more than one document at a time?

Sometimes, we may require more documents from you that can be uploaded in
Seller Central. If this is the case, you must merge the documents into one
document and upload it to Seller Central for review.

We recommend that you use one of the following methods:

  * Merge the scanned JPEG images into a Microsoft Word document and create a PDF file as follows:  

    1. Click **Insert** on the toolbar at the top of Microsoft Word.
    2. Click **Pictures** , then locate the file that you want to add to the document.
    3. Repeat the steps above with all of the images that you want to add to the document.
    4. Make sure that all of the images are on separate pages.
    5. Click **File,** > **Save as** and select **PDF** as the document type.
  * Use Adobe Acrobat to create a PDF.
  * Scan the pages into a single PDF document.

## I do not have one of the documents requested, what should I do?

If you don’t have one or more of the documents requested, [contact Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/gp/contact-us/). Make sure that you provide
details about the specific documents that you don’t have available. We’ll
contact you about alternative documents that we may be able to accept.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

