---
title: Seller Wallet registration FAQ for sellers from Germany
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G75GKSUPFS4CT62H
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

This page contains information and frequently asked questions to help sellers
from Germany register for Amazon Seller Wallet. For more general frequently
asked questions, to [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ).

For information about the registration process, go to [Seller Wallet
registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

When you register for Seller Wallet, you must provide us with up-to-date
information and documents related to your business, the point of contact for
your business, and the beneficial owners of your business. Amazon is required
by law to verify your personal and business information before you can use our
service.

The information that you provide will help ensure the safety and security of
all transactions done through Seller Wallet. During registration, we may ask
you to provide the following documents:

  * Registration extract: Proof-of-business existence
  * Identity proof document: Proof-of-identify for the point of contact and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Proof-of-address document: Proof-of-address for the business, point of contact, and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Letter of authorization: Letter must be signed by the legal representative if the point of contact is not the legal representative
  * Share allotment document (for example, statute document): Document must show the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company (individual sellers are not required to provide this document) 

## What business type should I select when I register for Seller Wallet?

Select and confirm your business type carefully, since incorrect information
may cause Amazon to be unable to process your Seller Wallet registration. Make
sure that you review the business types available in your region or country on
the applicable registration help page.

Seller Wallet may only be used for business or commercial purposes. It may not
be used for personal, family, or household purposes.

The following business types are available if your business is based in
Germany:

**Privately-owned business** : Select this business type if your business does
not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market
exchanges. Instead, your business’s stock is offered, owned, and traded or
exchanged, privately.

**Publicly-listed business** : Select this business type if the ownership of
your business is organized via shares of stock which are intended to be freely
traded on a stock exchange or in over-the-counter markets.

**Charity** : Select this business type if the primary objectives of your
business are philanthropy and social well-being (for example, educational,
religious, or other activities serving the public interest or common good).

**State-owned business** : Select this business type if the government or
state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority
ownership of your business.

**Sole proprietor** : Select this business type if your business is owned and
run by one person and there is no legal distinction between the owner and the
business entity. A sole proprietor must be registered with the trade office
(Gewerbeamt) in the municipality in which the business will operate. A sole
proprietor business can only have one beneficial owner, who must be the point
of contact. Also, the point of contact must be the sole proprietor who owns
the business.

**Individual** : Select this business type if your business is owned and run
by one person without a business name.

## What documents are accepted as identity proof documents for point of
contact or beneficial owners?

  * **Passport** : If you want to provide a passport, ensure that your passport is valid (not expired). Include the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature.
  * **National identity card** : If you want to provide a German national identity card and residence permit, ensure that you provide both sides of a valid national ID. 
  * **Driver’s license** : If you’d like to provide a driver’s license, ensure that you provide both sides of a valid driver license. If the driver’s license does not include place of birth, also provide a birth certificate for the relevant individual. If the driver’s license issuing country is different from the country of birth for a person, then provide a passport for the applicable person.

## What information can be accepted as a company registration number if the
business is registered as sole proprietor or Gesellschaft bürgerlichen Rechts
(GbR)?

A sole proprietor or a GbR does not have a registration number, so you can
enter any value in the **Company registration number** field on the Business
information page.

## What documents are accepted as registration extract?

If your business is a sole proprietorshipor a partnership (GbR), provide one
of the documents below. The document must be stamped and signed by the local
trade office (Gewerbeamt), where applicable.

  * Gewerbeschein, if your business is a GbR, this can be provided for one partner, each of the partners, or the business itself
    * Gewerbeanmeldung
    * Gewerbeummeldung
    * Gewerberegisterauskunft 
    * Betriebekarteiauszug
    * Auszug aus dem Gewerberegiste
    * Gewerbebestätigung
    * E-Auskunft, if your business is a sole proprietor and is based in Berlin, Bremen, and Mannheim
  * Turnover tax advance return (Umsatzsteuervoranmeldung) issued by the respective Finanzamt 
  * Certificate of membership in the “Industrie und Handelskammer” (IHK) or “Handwerkskammer” 
  * Handelsregisterauszug, if your business is an Eingetragener Kaufmann (e.K.)

If your business is a GmbH & Co. KG, provide one of the following documents
for both the registered GmbH & Co. KG and the general partner (Komplementär).

  * Handelsregisterauszug
  * Wiedergabe des Aktuellen Registerinhalts
  * Eintragung im Amtsgerichtregister

If your business is a limited company (such as haftungsbeschränkt, GmbH, or
Aktiengesellschaft), provide one of the documents below. The document must be
stamped and signed by the local trade office (Gewerbeamt), where applicable.

  * Handelsregisterauszug
  * Wiedergabe des Aktuellen Registerinhalts
  * Eintragung im Amtsgerichtregister
  * Gewerbeschein 
    * Gewerbeanmeldung
    * Gewerbeummeldung
    * Gewerberegisterauskunft 
    * Betriebekarteiauszug
    * Auszug aus dem Gewerberegiste
    * Gewerbebestätigung
    * E-Auskunft, if your business is based in Berlin, Bremen, and Mannheim

If you’re a freelancer, provide one of the following documents:

  * Tax document or bill issued by the local tax authority – Steuerdokument or Rechnung vom Finanzamt
  * Certified letter from tax adviser or accountant - Bescheinigter Brief vom Steuerberater oder Buchhalter
  * Certified letter from an employment agency (Arbeitsamt) - Bescheinigter Brief vom Arbeitsamt

If your business is a charity, provide the following documents:

  * If your business is an eingetragener Verein (e.V.), provide a Vereinsregisterauszug.
  * If your business is a Stiftung, provide an Auszug aus dem Stiftungsverzeichnis.
  * If your business is a gemeinnützige GmbH (gGmbH) or a gemeinnützige UG (haftungsbeschränkt) (gUG), provide a Handelsregisterauszug.
  * If your business is a Eingetragene Genossenschaft, provide a Genossenschaftsregisterauszug.

## What documents are accepted as proof of address documents?

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * Gas bill
  * TV bill
  * Cable bill
  * Water bill
  * Electricity bill
  * Internet bill
  * Phone bill
  * Bank account statement

The document must be dated within 180 days.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your business address, the
name on the document must match the business name.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your residential address of
the point of contact or the beneficial owners, the name on the document must
match the name of each person being verified.

## What is a share allotment document (for example, statute document)? Which
documents are accepted as share allotment documents (for example, statute
documents)?

A share allotment document (for example, statute document) is a document that
shows the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner
and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company.

  * If your business is a Gbror GmbH & Co. KG, provide a Gesellschaftsvertag. 
  * If your business is a GmbH & Co. KG, haftungsbeschränkt (UG), GmbH, Aktiengesellschaft (AG), gemeinnützige Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung (gGmbH), or gemeinnützige Unternehmergesellschaft (gUG), provide a notarized copy of the most recent update to the Gesellschaftsvertag. If the most recent update does not contain the full text, please provide the original as well. If the share allotment for your business is not contained in such document, also provide a notarized list of shareholders (Gesellschafterliste).

If your business is registered as a charity or not-for-profit corporation, a
list of trustees (including each trustee’s full name and date of birth) signed
by a legal representative and dated within 180 days, and satzung (statutes)
signed by at least one of the trustees. As well as the Vorstand, please also
consider any Stiftungsrat, Stiftungsbeirat, Beirat, Aufsichtsrat, or
Kuratorium as trustees.

## What does Seller Wallet expect to receive as a letter of authorization for
the point of contact?

If you’re not the legal representative of the business, you must provide the
following information to be eligible for Seller Wallet. We expect to receive a
statement like the following example or something comparable:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

+++++++++

[Letterhead of the company]

POWER TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

The undersigned [name of company] (herein after, the "Company"), duly
represented by (name and function) [full name and function of the signatory],
confirms that [full name of the point of contact] is authorized to register
for Seller Wallet, accept the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and other
policies, have access to the Seller Wallet account, and initiate transactions
in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Dated this

Signed by:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How will I be notified if you require additional information?

If we require additional information, you’ll be notified through the email
address associated with your seller account.

## How can I upload more than one document at a time?

Sometimes, we may require more documents from you that can be uploaded in
Seller Central. If this is the case, you must merge the documents into one
document and upload it to Seller Central for review.

We recommend that you use one of the following methods:

  * Merge the scanned JPEG images into a Microsoft Word document and create a PDF file as follows:  

    1. Click **Insert** on the toolbar at the top of Microsoft Word.
    2. Click **Pictures** , then locate the file that you want to add to the document.
    3. Repeat the steps above with all of the images that you want to add to the document.
    4. Make sure that all of the images are on separate pages.
    5. Click **File,** > **Save as** and select **PDF** as the document type.
  * Use Adobe Acrobat to create a PDF.
  * Scan the pages into a single PDF document.

## I do not have one of the documents requested, what should I do?

If you don’t have one or more of the documents requested, [contact Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/gp/contact-us/). Make sure that you provide
details about the specific documents that you don’t have available. We’ll
contact you about alternative documents that we may be able to accept.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

