---
title: Sell Globally experience
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GDYZBUHVDD66VHVR
section: General Documentation
---

## What is the Sell Globally experience?  
  
This experience is designed to help you expand from your primary Amazon store
to new stores in an efficient manner. With this experience, you can determine
your unique opportunity in other Amazon stores, analyze various costs to
launch, connect with service providers who can help you meet regulatory
requirements in new countries, and leverage Amazon solutions and services for
shipping globally.

If you prefer, you can revert to the old Sell Globally experience on the right
side of the welcome banner, but note that the old experience will be
deprecated by February 2025.

## Home page

You can find the following three sections on the Sell Globally home page:

**New stores to Launch**

The **"Region View"** lets you compare your opportunity across different
regions. See a summary view of your potential sales in a region, if there are
any incentives Amazon provides to support your launch (if you are eligible),
and an estimate of the year 1 investment you must make to expand to a new
store. Clicking **"View details"** will take you to the Expansion Research
page, where you can dive deeper on your potential sales and costs.

The **"Store View"** shows a table with a breakdown of metrics by country. The
table includes metrics including Estimated Sales, Incentive to Launch,
Approximate Year 1 costs, recommended ASINs. You can prioritize these data
points according to your strategy. Clicking “Details” will take you to the
Expansion Research page.

**Global Sales in Active Stores**

View a summary of your sales performance in Amazon stores you currently sell
in. If you have an account in any Amazon store, you can link your accounts to
get personalized recommendations and compare your performance against the
market potential. You can filter by Stores, Date Range, and Currency.

**Amazon Stores Worldwide**

Amazon has over 20 stores worldwide. In this section, you can access all
Amazon stores, register or link your existing accounts, and take the next step
towards your global expansion.

**Helpful Resources, FAQ**

This section on the right side of the page provides you a list of key
resources you can leverage when expanding to new stores and has a collection
of frequently asked questions by other sellers who expanded internationally.
For more information, go to [Sell Globally experience
FAQ](/gp/help/GNFDSYQP7TR7SPUW)

## Expansion Research

The Expansion Research page helps you understand your sales potential in new
stores using different metrics at a category browse node level, brand and ASIN
level. You also have an option to dive into the costs of launching in new
stores.

To navigate to this page, go to the "New stores to launch" section in the Sell
Globally home page and click "View Details” from either the Region View or the
Store View.

See data for specific countries by selecting a region from the "Region"
dropdown and then selecting a country card. The country cards also show your
annualized estimated sales. Explore in-depth data for your target country in
the "Sales Insights" and "Cost Analysis" tabs.

**Sales Insights tab**

Sales insights are based on category trends and predicted demand for your
catalog in the target store. Data in this tab updates every two weeks. This
tab contains several graphs that help you assess your potential in the target
store.

**Graphs:**

  * **Sales projection of top products:** 12-month sales projections based on the performance of products similar to yours in the target store. Filter this graph by category or brand and compare by sales or units sold.

For the following graphs, you can filter data by category and timeframe.

  * **Category sales trends:** Combined sales trends of all ASINs in the selected category in the past 12 months.
  * **Top ASINs sales:** Sales performance of the top ASINs in the selected category. You can further click and view all ASINs in your catalog and their potential in new stores
  * **Sales across different price bands:** Sales distribution across different price bands for the selected category.
  * **Return rate:** Return rate in the selected category and country. For more information, follow the link to the Marketplace Product Guidance tool.
  * **Sales by advertising type:** View share of organic sales, sales driven by Ad spend, and other promotions.
  * **Ads spend per sales:** Understand the Average Ad spend incurred to obtain a sale in the target store.
  * **Amazon fees comparison:** Amazon fees comparison between your primary store and selected target stores.

**Cost Analysis tab**

The "Cost Analysis" tab shows an overview of different costs you may incur
while launching in a new store. These costs are estimates only and final costs
depend on various factors. Conduct your own research or connect with a service
provider for a rate estimate for your specific use case.

The data in this tab reflects an estimate of the variable and one-time costs
of your first year launching your top 10 recommended ASINs in the target
store. Variable costs and shipping costs are updated every time you sign in,
and one-time costs are updated monthly.

**Cost Breakdown**

The "Cost Breakdown" table breaks down your estimated sales, incentive to
launch (if applicable), variable costs, and one-time costs to launch your top
10 ASINs for the target store. Final costs may vary.

  * Sales and Incentives:
    * **Estimated Sales:** This section provides forecasted sales estimates for the top 10 products from your catalog in the target store. Having access to these sales forecasts can help you plan your inventory levels, logistics, and budget more effectively.
    * **Incentives to Launch:** Amazon may offer various incentives and fee credits to help offset the costs of launching in the target store. This section provides incentives and fee credits you may be eligible for when launching your products in the target store. 
  * Variable Costs Breakdown: 
    * **Estimated variable costs:** This section provides an estimate of the total variable costs associated with selling your products in the target store. Variable costs are expenses that fluctuate directly based on your sales volume or the number of units shipped.
      * **FBA fees:** FBA will take care of storing, packing and shipping your products, handling customer support and returns. The fees vary according to the type of products and programs you are selling with. This is the estimated FBA fulfillment and storage fees for selling your top 10 ASINs in the target store
      * **Amazon fees:** Includes an estimate of the Amazon referral fees which is a of the product's gross sales. This fee may also include shipping and other charges, depending on your selling plan and the product categories you sell. Additionally, Amazon charges a closing fee when you submit an offer to purchase and sell an item on the site. The closing fee varies based on the condition of the item.
      * **Estimated shipping costs:** Includes the estimate of the costs of the source port, destination port, shipping mode, using Amazon logistics services; Amazon Global Logistics or Amazon SEND. 
      * **Estimated annual recurring cost:** Sum of all estimated annual recurring costs you may incur in the EU target store. 
        * **Tax filing:** Selling in EU may lead to a number of associated compliance requirements, including the need to file taxes. This is the estimated quarterly and annual tax filing charges through a Service Provider.
        * **EPR filling:** Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental policy principle that makes the producer responsible for the entire life cycle of the products. This is the estimated cost of filing and reporting charges for the EPR through a Service Provider.
        * **File responsible person:** All CE marked products must have an EU based responsible person. This is the estimated costs of filing responsible person details through a Service Provider. 
  * One-Time Costs Breakdown: 
    * **Estimated one time setup costs:** When expanding your business, there may be various one-time costs associated with launching your products in the target store. This section provides an estimate of these upfront, non-recurring expenses you may incur.
      * **VAT registration:** The VAT in EU is a consumption tax assessed on the value added to goods and services. This is the estimated cost of obtaining a tax registration through a Service Provider. 
      * **EPR registration:** Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is an environmental policy principle that makes the producer responsible for the entire life cycle of the products. This is the estimated cost of obtaining an Extended producer responsibility registration through a Service Provider.
      * **WEEE registration:** As part of the EPR, you will need to comply with the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) obligations if your products are included in this category. This is the estimated cost of obtaining WEEE registration through a Service Provider.
      * **Product listing creation:** It’s necessary to translate your listings for each of the target stores. This is the estimated cost of creating listings for top 10 ASINs in local country language through a Service Provider.
      * **Label reviews:** There are certain label requirements in each target store. This is the estimated cost of label and art work reviews for top 10 ASINs through a Service Provider. 
      * **EEL markings:** The EU Energy Efficiency Labelling (EEL) regulations set out a framework of rules that apply across the EU member states for providing information relating to energy efficiency, consumption of energy and other resources as part of a product label. This is the estimated cost of obtaining Energy efficiency markings for your top 10 ASINs through a Service Provider. 
  * Year 1 Total: represents the estimated annual cost of selling your products in the target Amazon store during the first 12 months of your expansion.

**Estimated shipping costs**

Amazon offers two logistics services, Amazon Global Logistics and Amazon Send.
In this section, you can find the estimated costs for both services to ship
the top 10 recommended ASINs in the target store, and their forecast unit
sales over the next 12 months. It includes details on the source port,
destination port, shipping mode, and the total estimated cost that can help
you plan your international logistics and budget. You can choose your
preferred service to access its detailed shipping costs and total estimated
cost and determine the best solution for your business needs.

**Additional costs based on product category**

Additional costs may apply to specific categories. This table shows a list of
product safety requirements, their categories, their status, and links to
learn more.

Once you've reviewed the sales opportunity and cost information, you can click
the "Complete next steps" button at the top of the Expansion Research page.
This will take you to the target store's Seller Central home page, where you
can take the necessary steps to launch your expansion.

## Disclaimer

The Sell Globally experience is intended to provide you with information about
your potential when selling globally. Amazon does not guarantee any particular
outcome for your business by enrolling products in the target store. There are
multitudes of different factors that influence the prediction and a decision
to cross-list a product internationally and recommendations cannot take all
the factors into account. You must consider independent analysis and conduct
your own research before you make a choice to cross-list each of these
products.

## Additional resources

For more information about how to expand your business globally, go to the
following links:

**Your account:**

  * [Merge accounts](/help/hub/reference/G201841950)
  * [Unify global accounts](/help/hub/reference/GJZJNMG4UX3DXSGV)
  * [Amazon North American stores](/gp/help/G201394090)
  * [Amazon EU and UK stores](/gp/help/G200671260)
  * [Close your seller account](/gp/help/G200399470)

**Get started:**

  * [Global registration](/gp/help/GKMK7CM7F9Q8FKUG)
  * [Payments for global accounts](/gp/help/G201468470)
  * [Where and what to sell with Amazon Global Selling](/gp/help/G201468340)

**Listings, Shipment, Taxes and Other:**

  * [Build International Listings](/gp/help/G202121570)
  * [Ship and fulfill with Amazon Global Selling](/gp/help/G201468490)
  * [Taxes and regulations for Amazon Global Selling](/gp/help/G201468380)
  * [Customer support and returns for international sales](/gp/help/G201468530)
  * [Find help from external solution providers with Selling Partner Appstore](/gp/help/G201687890)

**Global Store and opt-out:**

[Allow Amazon to buy my products to sell globally](/gp/help/202139180)

