---
title: Seller performance review
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GW5QB6H8Q8CHA483
section: General Documentation
---

Here you can find information on the seller performance review process and the
documents you have to provide to continue selling on Amazon.

If you see a notification alert on your Seller Central or an email to your
registered email address that says your Amazon seller account has been
deactivated, then you may need to go through the seller performance review if:  

  1. You change the address you had registered with Amazon initially 
  2. You change your bank account details
  3. Your credit card information is not updated
  4. Your credit card is invalid
  5. You must submit a valid credit card
  6. You change your phone number

The above list shows examples only and is not exhaustive.

## If you must update your Amazon Selling Account Credit Card

Amazon will need to verify your credit card information before you start
selling on Amazon. Follow the below steps to update a valid credit card:  

  1. Sign in to Seller Central account and you will be redirected to the Seller Central home page.
  2. Click **View Credit Card info** and you will be directed to Charge Methods page.
  3. Here you will see a pop-up message and you can manage all the charge methods on the account. You can either add a new charge method or replace the current credit card details with the new one.

For more specific details, refer to [Add, delete, and verify your credit card
information](/gp/help/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC).

**Note:** You will also have to submit one of the documents mentioned below
along with the valid credit card.

## Re-activate your account

  

  1. To activate your seller account, you must sign in to Seller Central and you will be redirected to the Seller Central home page.
  2. You will see a notification alert that says your account has been deactivated.
  3. Upon clicking into the alert, you will be redirected to your "Account health" page. Click **Submit new Information** to submit the documents required.
  4. Now you will be redirected to the submission page. Click the **Performance Notifications** link for more information on the documents you are required to submit.

**Note:** Do not repeatedly submit documents before Amazon has sufficient time
to review your appeal or repeatedly send inaccurate documents.

  5. Alternatively, you can access the **Performance** tab, then click **Performance Notifications** in the drop-down selection.
  6. Click into the notification with **View Appeal** in the **Actions** column.

## Document requirements

In order to ensure your documents are not rejected, make sure that they meet
the below requirements:

  * Be valid (not revoked, inactive or closed)
  * Be high resolution and unobstructed (clear, readable, visible, and in focus)
  * Be complete and not cut off from any sides (not angled or cropped)
  * Be a scanned image or photo of the original document taken from your mobile device's camera
  * Screenshots are not acceptable

**Note:** If your business location is from United Arab Emirates, Egypt, and
Saudi Arabia, you can provide a screenshot.

  * A utility bill must contain below details:
    * Must have holders name and address
    * Must have service provider's name, address, and logo (if logo is applicable)
    * Must have issue date or due date and usage details (if applicable)
    * Must be issued within the past 90 days
  * Be authentic and unaltered
  * Must not be password-protected
  * Be in one of these supported languages: Arabic, Simplified and Traditional Chinese, Dutch, English, French, German, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Thai, Turkish, and Vietnamese. If your documents are not in a supported language, you must submit a notarized translation in a supported language along with the original document.
  * Account holders name and address in at least one of the documents must match the information entered in Seller Central

## If your business location is India

You will have to provide all of the following documents:

  * An active Goods and Services Tax (GST) certificate "GST Reg-06" form, with Annexure A and B. If you are selling in a tax-exempted category, you are not required to provide this document. 
  * A permanent account number (PAN) card. We accept a business PAN card for companies or partnerships or a personal PAN card for sole proprietorship firms.
  * National identity such as a passport, a voter ID card, an Aadhaar card, or a driving license.

Make sure your document also meets the following criteria:  

  1. If you provided a passport, make sure to include the front page that contains the passport holders' details and the last page that contains holders address.
  2. If you provided a national identity document, it must not be expired.

## If your business location is China, Hongkong, or Taiwan

We accept a utility bill for electricity, water, gas, mobile phone, fixed-line
phone, or internet service.

**Note:**

  * If you do not have a utility bill under your name, you can submit a document showing you reside at the address in the utility bill. We accept VAT invoices from Property management companies too which meeting the following criteria:  

    1. Seller's VAT invoice name includes the word Property management.
    2. The address on VAT invoice should match the one that you have provided on the ID / business documents.
    3. The service description (service name) should come from water bill, electricity bill, management fee, operating rent.
  * If the name in the utility bill is under the name of a legal representative, you can submit a business license as a supporting document along with your utility bill.

## If your business location is not any of the above-mentioned countries

We accept a utility bill for electricity, water, gas, mobile phone, fixed-line
phone or internet service.

OR

A government-issued business license. The license must be in active status and
must not be expired.

## If you've already submitted your documents

The review process can take up to two business days from the time we receive
your documents. We will keep you informed via an email to your email address
provided during registration.

**Note:** You cannot begin selling on Amazon until the verification is
complete.

## Frequently asked questions about Seller performance review

#### What should I do if my documents were rejected due to a mismatch?

Update the name/address/business address in Seller Central to match the
name/address/business address in the documents that you provided during the
verification. For more information, go to the help page [Update account
information](/gp/help/G191).

OR

Provide relevant documents to justify the information mismatch.

#### What should I do if I rent a coworking space and do not have any utility
bills under my name?

You can provide the co-working companyâ€™s utility bill along with a lease or
rental agreement.

