---
title: Seller Wallet registration FAQ for sellers from Australia
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GCVSGJGRAQ4VZR6V
section: General Documentation
---

## Overview

This page contains information and frequently asked questions to help sellers
from Australia register for Amazon Seller Wallet. For more general frequently
asked questions, go to [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ).

For information on the registration process, go to [Seller Wallet
registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2).

When you register for Seller Wallet, you must provide us with up-to-date
information and documents about related to your business, the point of contact
for your business, and the beneficial owners of your business. Amazon is
required by law to verify your personal and business information before you
can use our service.

The information that you provide will help ensure the safety and security of
all transactions done through Seller Wallet. During registration, we may ask
you to provide the following documents:

  * Registration extract: Proof-of-business existence
  * Identity proof document: Proof-of-identify for the point of contact and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Proof of address document: Proof-of-address for the business, point of contact, and all of the beneficial owners of the business
  * Letter of authorization: Letter must be signed by the legal representative if the point of contact is not the legal representative
  * Share allotment document (for example, statute document): Document must show the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company (individual sellers are not required to provide this document)

## What business type should I select when I register for Seller Wallet?

Select and confirm your business type carefully, since incorrect information
may cause Amazon to be unable to process your Seller Wallet registration. Make
sure to review the business types available in your region or country on the
applicable registration help page.

Seller Wallet may only be used for business or commercial purposes. It may not
be used for personal, family, or household purposes.

The following business types are available if your business is based in
Australia:

**Privately-owned business** : Select this business type if your business does
not offer or trade its company stock to the general public on the stock market
exchanges. Instead, your business’s stock is offered, owned, and traded or
exchanged privately.

**Publicly-listed business** : Select this business type if the ownership of
your business is organized via shares of stock which are intended to be freely
traded on a stock exchange or in over-the-counter markets.

**Charity** : Select this business type if the primary objectives of your
business are philanthropy and social well-being (for example, educational,
religious, or other activities serving the public interest or common good).

**State-owned business** : Select this business type if the government or
state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority
ownership of your business.

**Individual** : Choose this business type if your business is owned and run
by one person without a business name.

## What documents are accepted as identity proof documents for point of
contact or beneficial owners?

  * **Passport** : If you want to provide a passport, ensure that your passport is valid (not expired). Include the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature. You can also provide the photo and information pages, as well as the page containing your signature of the Titre de voyage in lieu of a passport.
  * **Driver’s license** : If you want to provide a driver’s license, also provide your birth certificate or passport.

## What documents are accepted as registration extract?

Provide one of the documents below. The documents must be dated within 180
days, if applicable.

If you are a sole proprietorship or your business is a partnership or trading
trust, provide one of the following:

  * Printout of Australian business number (ABN)
  * ABN certificate
  * A letter confirming the registration to ABN, registered dated
  * ASIC printout or company summary
  * Current and historical company extract, Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC)
  * For a sole proprietorship only, current business name extract
  * For a partnership or trading trust only, certificate of registration ASIC

If your business is a private limited company or another company type other
than a charity, provide one of the following:

  * ASIC printout or company summary
  * Certificate of registration ASIC
  * Printout of ABN
  * Current and historical company extract

If your business is registered as charity, provide a downloaded report from
Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission.

## What documents are accepted as proof of address documents?

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * Gas bill
  * TV bill
  * Cable bill
  * Water bill
  * Electricity bill
  * Internet bill
  * Phone bill
  * Bank account statement

The document must be dated within 180 days.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your business address, the
name on the document must match the business name.

If you use the proof-of-address document to verify your residential address of
the point of contact or the beneficial owners, the name on the document must
match the name of each person being verified.

## What is a share allotment document (for example, statute document)? Which
documents are accepted as share allotment documents?

A share allotment document (for example, statute document) is a document that
shows the number of shares or equity interests held by each beneficial owner
and the number of shares or equity interests issued by the company.

You may provide one of the following documents:

  * If your business is a partnership, provide a partnership agreement or partner act. If your partnership does not have a partnership agreement, provide a written document signed by the legal representative to confirm the names of the beneficial owners of your partnership.
  * If your business is a private limited or public company, provide a Corporation Act (also called a company constitution or a Memorandum and Article of Association), and the latest changes to share structure, if applicable.
  * If your business is a trading trust, provide the trust deed.
  * If your business is a charity, provide a list of trustees (including each trustee’s full name and date of birth) signed by a legal representative and dated within 180 days.

## What does Seller Wallet expect to receive as a letter of authorization for
the point of contact?

If you’re not the legal representative of the business, you must provide the
following information to be eligible for Seller Wallet. We expect to receive a
statement like the following example or something comparable:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

+++++++++

[Letterhead of the company]

POWER TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

The undersigned [name of company] (herein after, the "Company"), duly
represented by (name and function) [full name and function of the signatory],
confirms that [full name of the point of contact] is authorized to register
for Seller Wallet, accept the Seller Wallet Customer Agreement and other
policies, have access to the Seller Wallet account, and initiate transactions
in the name and on behalf of the Company.

Dated this

Signed by:

\------------------------------------------------------------------------

## How will I be notified if you require additional information?

If we require additional information, you’ll be notified through the email
address associated with your seller account.

## How can I upload more than one document at a time?

Sometimes, we may require more documents from you that can be uploaded in
Seller Central. If this is the case, you must merge the documents into one
document and upload it to Seller Central for review.

We recommend that you use one of the following methods:

  * Merge the scanned JPEG images into a Microsoft Word document and create a PDF file as follows:  

    1. Click **Insert** on the toolbar at the top of Microsoft Word.
    2. Click **Pictures** , then locate the file that you want to add to the document.
    3. Repeat the steps above with all of the images that you want to add to the document.
    4. Make sure that all of the images are on separate pages.
    5. Click **File,** > **Save as** and select **PDF** as the document type.
  * Use Adobe Acrobat to create a PDF.
  * Scan the pages into a single PDF document.

## I do not have one of the documents requested, what should I do?

If you don’t have one or more of the documents requested, [contact Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/gp/contact-us/). Make sure that you provide
details about the specific documents that you don’t have available. We’ll
contact you about alternative documents that we may be able to accept.

## Related help pages

  * [Seller Wallet FAQ](/gp/help/GW57DZACAZGNREVQ)
  * [Seller Wallet supported countries and currencies](/gp/help/GKD4GS8VTWVYCWRH)
  * [Seller Wallet registration](/gp/help/GY2HWC8DQNU8NZJ2)
  * [Seller Wallet user permissions](/gp/help/GL3K2HCP4FDARB6C)
  * [Seller Wallet bank account update](/gp/help/GW74AYKCGANY96WK)
  * [Seller Wallet transfer and fee](/gp/help/GE8JLFJQBVYFZT6S)
  * [Seller Wallet other frequently asked questions ](/gp/help/G888Q5AWBAF3YX8B)
  * [Add, view, and update your bank account information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W)
  * [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901)

