---
title: Selling policies and seller code of conduct
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G1801
section: General Documentation
---

All sellers are expected to adhere to the following policies when listing
products on Amazon. Seller offenses and prohibited content can result in
suspension of your Amazon account.

## Seller code of conduct

This policy requires that sellers act fairly and honestly on Amazon to ensure
a safe buying and selling experience. All sellers must:

  * Provide accurate information to Amazon and our customers at all times
  * Act fairly and not misuse Amazon’s features or services
  * Not attempt to damage or abuse another seller, their listings or ratings
  * Not attempt to influence customers’ ratings, feedback, and reviews
  * Not send unsolicited or inappropriate communications
  * Not contact customers except through Buyer-Seller Messaging
  * Not attempt to circumvent the Amazon sales process
  * Not operate more than one selling account on Amazon without a legitimate business need
  * Not engage in conduct that violates price fixing laws

Violating the code of conduct or any other Amazon policies may result in
actions against your account, such as cancellation of listings, suspension or
forfeiture of payments, and removal of selling privileges. More details about
these policies are below.

#### Accurate information

You must provide accurate information to Amazon and our customers, and update
the information if it changes. For example, this means that you must use a
business name that accurately identifies your business and list your products
in the correct category. As another example, your shipping settings and
inventory data must accurately reflect your operations, including your
shipping location(s) and shipping service selections.

#### Acting fairly

You must act fairly and lawfully and may not misuse any service provided by
Amazon. Examples of unfair activities include:

  * Providing misleading or inappropriate information to Amazon or our customers, such as by creating multiple detail pages for the same product or posting offensive product images
  * Manipulating sales rank (such as by accepting non-authentic orders or orders that you have paid for, or refunded externally or orders that you discounted externally) or making claims about sales rank in product titles or descriptions
  * Attempting to increase the price of a product after an order is confirmed
  * Artificially inflating web traffic (using bots or paying for clicks, for example)
  * Attempting to influence search results by inflating search ranking through keyword manipulation or incentivizing customers’ searches to appear as organic behavior 
  * Attempting to damage another seller, their listings or ratings
  * Allowing other people to act on your behalf in a way that violates Amazon’s policies or your agreement with Amazon

#### Ratings, feedback, and reviews

You may not attempt to influence or inflate customers’ ratings, feedback, and
reviews. You may request feedback and reviews from your own customers in a
neutral manner, but may not:

  * Pay for or offer an incentive (such as coupons or free products) in exchange for providing or removing feedback or reviews
  * Ask customers to write only positive reviews or ask them to remove or change a review
  * Solicit reviews only from customers who had a positive experience
  * Review your own products or a competitors’ products

#### Communications

You may not send unsolicited or inappropriate messages. All communications to
customers must be sent through Buyer-Seller Messaging and be necessary for
fulfilling the order or providing customer services. Marketing communications
are prohibited.

#### Customer information

If you receive customer information such as addresses or phone numbers to
fulfill orders, you may use that information only to fulfill orders and must
delete it after the order has been processed. You may not use customer
information to contact customers (except through Buyer-Seller Messaging) or
share it with any third-party.

#### Circumventing the sales process

You may not attempt to circumvent the Amazon sales process or divert Amazon
customers to another website. This means that you may not provide links or
messages that prompt users to visit any external website or complete a
transaction elsewhere.

#### Multiple selling accounts on Amazon

You may only maintain one Seller Central account for each region in which you
sell unless you have a legitimate business need to open a second account and
all of your accounts are in good standing. If any of your accounts are not in
good standing, we may deactivate all of your selling accounts until all
accounts are in good standing.

Examples of a legitimate business justification include:

  * You own multiple brands and maintain separate businesses for each
  * You manufacture products for two distinct and separate companies
  * You are recruited for an Amazon program that requires separate accounts

Watch the video below to learn how to address a violation of the multiple
account policy:

#### Filing infringement notices as an agent or brand protection agency

Amazon understands that many brands may choose to have brand protection
agencies or agents report intellectual property infringement on their behalf
and accepts submissions from authorized agents. However, Amazon does not
permit individuals with active selling accounts to file infringement notices
as an agent of a brand when the filing of those notices could benefit their
own selling account (through removing competing listings, for example). Any
sellers filing notices as an agent to benefit their own status as a seller may
have their selling account terminated.

To learn more about Amazon policy violations and review a few examples, [watch
this short video](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/learn).

