---
title: Send to Amazon: Print pallet labels
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ
section: General Documentation
---

Once you have confirmed your pallet configurations and accepted the shipping
cost estimates in step 4 of the Send to Amazon workflow, you can print labels
for your pallets.

  * Step 1 – [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)
  * Step 1b – [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * Step 2 – [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW)
  * Step 3 – [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7)
  * Step 4 – [Confirm carrier and pallet information](/gp/help/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG) (for pallet shipments only) 
  * **Step 5 – Print pallet labels** (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Final step – [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon partnered carrier)

Watch the video for an overview, and read more information below.

## Pallet shipments with Amazon partnered carriers

Each pallet that you ship with an [Amazon partnered
carrier](/gp/help/G201119120) must have a pallet label, which includes
information that the fulfillment center uses to verify the arrival of the
shipment.

Four copies of each label will be generated for each pallet in your shipment.
Place one copy of the label on each of the four sides of the pallet, in the
center near the top, on the outside of the stretch wrap.

**Important:** All boxes for pallet shipments must also have an FBA box ID
label. You can print those labels in step 3, [Print box
labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7).

To print your pallet labels, follow these steps:  

  1. Select your pallet label type under **Print pallet labels and documentation** and click **Print**. The status of your shipment changes from **Working** to **Ready to ship**.
  2. Place the labels squarely (not on an angle) on each of the four sides of the pallet so the forklift driver will be able to see them. 
  3. Label the pallet **Single ASIN pallet** if it contains units of only one ASIN.
  4. When you ship multiple SKUs on a pallet, separate the SKUs so they are easy to tell apart when they are received at the fulfillment center.

A bill of lading (BOL) will be provided if you are using an Amazon partnered
carrier. The BOL will be generated on the morning of the pickup date. You must
provide a valid BOL to the carrier or the shipment will be refused upon
delivery.

**Important:** When you send your shipment with the Amazon Freight LTL
shipping program, additional Amazon carrier pallet ID labels are required.
Each set of four Amazon carrier pallet ID labels is unique and must be applied
with your FBA pallet ID label. For more information, go to [Amazon Freight LTL
shipping service](/gp/help/GM9THX2S47XTGJTQ).

**Note:** Once you have handed over your pallets to the carrier, you can track
receipt of your inventory and find reconciliation information on the Shipment
Summary page by clicking the **Track Shipment** link at the bottom of the Send
to Amazon page.

