---
title: Send to Amazon: Confirm carrier and pallet information
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG
section: General Documentation
---

If you’re sending your inventory in pallet shipments, you'll be asked to
confirm carrier and pallet information in step 4 of the Send to Amazon
workflow, after you print and apply box labels.

  * Step 1: [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)
  * Step 1b: [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * Step 2: [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW)
  * Step 3: [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7)
  * **Step 4: Confirm carrier and pallet information** (for pallet shipments only)
  * Step 5: [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon-partnered carrier only)
  * Final step: [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small-parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon-partnered carrier)

In this step (**Confirm carrier and pallet information)** , you'll select the
carrier that will ship your pallets to Amazon. You can take advantage of
discounted shipping rates and automated tracking by selecting an [Amazon-
partnered carrier](/gp/help/G201119120) and buying and printing shipping
labels in the workflow. Alternatively, you can use a non-partnered carrier to
book shipping outside of Seller Central.

Watch the video for an overview, and read more instructions below.

For more information about pallet shipments and how to build pallets, go to
[Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/200978400).

## Pallet shipments with Amazon-partnered carriers

If you selected an Amazon-partnered carrier, follow these steps:

  1. Enter your warehouse contact information by clicking **Add contact** and selecting an existing warehouse contact or providing a new contact for each shipment. If there are multiple shipments, we’ll use the first selected contact. You can change the contact for each additional shipment by clicking the contact information drop-down arrow and selecting **Change contact**.

  2. Each shipment will be provided an initial estimate of your pallet details. Review the estimate to ensure that the information is accurate and edit if necessary.

**Note:** You are responsible for providing accurate shipment information to
receive an estimate of the actual cost of the shipment. Inaccurate information
may result in the blocking of future shipments or an adjustment to the total
fees collected for your shipment.

  3. Confirm the pallet configurations for reach shipment to display the shipping cost estimates.

  4. Confirm your **Freight-ready date** for all shipments in the workflow. Freight ready dates are dependent on carrier and network capacity. “Gray” dates indicate a lack of capacity for a given date.

  5. We’ll provide the lowest-cost carrier by default, but you can choose a different one by clicking **Change carrier**. In the carrier selection window, you can filter by carrier name or shipping mode to view estimated transportation cost, shipping mode, and available dates.

  6. Review all the shipping cost estimates and click **Confirm all carrier and pallet information** to proceed to step 5, [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ). 

##  Pallet shipments with non-partnered carriers

If you selected a non-partnered carrier, follow these steps:

  1. Click **Print pallet labels** to get four copies of each Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) pallet ID label for each pallet in your shipment. We use the information from the labels to verify the arrival and contents of the shipment at the fulfillment center. The status of your shipment will change from **Working** to **Ready to ship**. 

  2. Place one label on each side of the pallet, in the center and near the top.

  3. Schedule pickup and hand off your inventory to your carrier.

  4. Provide a **delivery window.** A delivery window is an estimated date range of when you expect your shipment to arrive at the fulfillment center.

  5. Provide the **PRO/freight bill number** for your shipment in the final **Tracking details** step to let us know your inventory is on its way.

  6. Click **Track shipment** for each shipment in the workflow, and provide bill of lading numbers in the **Tracking events** tab of the **Shipment summary** page.

For more information, go to the following help pages:

  * [Carrier requirements for delivering shipments](/gp/help/200978420)
  * [Ship products to Amazon](/gp/help/200141420)
  * [Send to Amazon: Change or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR)

## Frequently asked questions

#### What if I need to cancel my shipments?

You can cancel your shipment by clicking **Delete shipments and charges** at
the bottom of the page.

For pallet shipments, after you’ve confirmed your shipping selections and
accepted the charges, you have **one hour** to void partnered-carrier charges
and get a full refund. After that time, voiding will cancel all shipments that
you have created, but you won’t be able to void the shipping charges.

You can void non-partnered-carrier shipments at any time.  Voiding will cancel
all the shipments that you created and move them into **Canceled** status in
your Shipping Queue. For more information, go to [Send to Amazon: Change or
cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

#### How are pallet estimates calculated?

FBA uses box content information that you provided in the previous steps to
build the pallet estimates. We use a 3D model to determine the optimal number
and fit of packages on a pallet, and the optimal number of pallets per
shipment.

#### How do I let Amazon know that my shipment is on its way?

You no longer need to mark your shipments as **Shipped**.

If you’re using a partnered carrier, we’ll track your shipments and change the
status to **Shipped** for you.

If you’re using a non-partnered carrier, once you’ve provided valid tracking
details for your shipments, the status of your shipment will automatically
update to **Shipped**. You can provide tracking details either in the Send to
Amazon **Tracking details** step or in the **Track shipment** tab of the
**Shipment summary** page.

The status of your shipment will show as **Shipped** in your **Shipping
Queue** and the **Shipment summary** page.

#### Why should I provide a delivery window?

We use the delivery window that you provide to help get your products in stock
faster. Knowing when your shipment will arrive at the fulfillment center helps
us plan for its arrival and receive your products faster, so you can make
better supply-chain decisions.

#### How do I update my delivery window information if it has changed?

You can edit your delivery window in the **Tracking details** step of Send to
Amazon up to the start of the window. Once your window starts, it’s locked so
that we can use the information for planning purposes.

#### What happens if I provide an inaccurate delivery window?

If the window hasn't started yet, you can update the date range. If you miss a
delivery window, we’ll notify you in the Shipping Queue so you can work with
your carrier to provide more accurate estimates for future shipments. There is
no penalty or enforcement.

