---
title: Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD): Book a delivery appointment
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GB9BMKQPPRW3FFCU
section: General Documentation
---

  * Step 1 - [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/GZLL7RYU2FJRN9BU)
  * Step 2 - [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GQ6ZR5KNWKRBPT4M)
  * Step 3 - [Print box labels](/gp/help/G48W2EW89MB5SP6H)
  * Step 4 - [Confirm carrier](/gp/help/GQ2DLFVQEYL74ZKW) (for Amazon partnered carrier and Seller Managed Carrier only)
  * Step 5 - [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/G6SSGPBBXX7N8YBB) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Step 6 - [Tracking details](/gp/help/GFJSVA7G3WJGVQW3) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)

## Book a delivery appointment

If you use your own carrier for sending shipments to the AWD DC, your carrier
will be required to book a delivery appointment through the carrier
appointment request portal in [Carrier
Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/). A delivery appointment is not
required for shipments sent through Amazon Global Logistics.

Once the appointment is confirmed, the carrier must deliver the shipment at
the specified time and date. Without a scheduled appointment, the shipments
will not be accepted at the AWD DC. For more information, go to [Carrier
requirements for LTL and FTL deliveries](/gp/help/G200978420) and [Seller
requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/200978400).

Make sure that you and your carrier complete the following actions when
booking an appointment:

  * Have your carrier create an account on [Carrier Central](https://carriercentral.amazon.com/), if it doesn't have one already. For account instructions, download the [Carrier Central user manual](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/magicarp/common/Carrier_Central_Manual_USAmazon.pdf). 
  * Carriers must select the destination AWD DC that appears on the box labels that are generated in Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution **step 3 Print box labels**. If an incorrect AWD DC is selected in the appointment portal, the shipment will be rejected.
  * Carriers must select the freight type, load type, trailer number, and delivery date for your shipment in the appointment portal. For more information, go to page 5 of the [Carrier Central user manual](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/magicarp/common/Carrier_Central_Manual_USAmazon.pdf). 
  * Ensure that your carrier has accurate shipment information. Carriers must enter the following information in the appointment portal: 
    * Amazon reference number 
    * Progressive number, which you can get from your carrier
    * Bill of lading provided by your carrier 
    * Box count
    * Unit count
    * Amazon reference ID list 

**Note:** If more than one AWD shipment is being delivered via the same
truckload, ensure that all the Amazon reference IDs for the shipments are
included while creating an appointment for the delivery in Carrier Central.

Once the request for an appointment is submitted to Amazon, you'll get a
message confirming that it's been received. After we verify the request, the
appointment will be scheduled and the appointment details will be sent to the
carrier's registered email address.

You can check the status of the appointment in the carrier appointment request
portal. The appointment status will change from **Pending confirmation** to
**Confirmed**.

## Amazon Warehousing and Distribution FAQ

#### Where can I find all the details needed to schedule a delivery
appointment?

Your carrier will need a complete list of Amazon reference IDs, shipment IDs,
and progressive tracking numbers included on or with the bill of lading to
book a delivery appointment. You can view the Amazon reference and shipment
IDs in step 3 of Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution, **Print box
labels**. You can get the progressive tracking numbers from your carrier.

#### Are the AWD shipment ID and the Amazon reference ID the same?

These IDs are not the same. When you create a shipment to AWD DC, you'll
receive one shipment ID that begins with "STAR" and one Amazon reference ID.
You can view this information in step 3 of Send to Amazon Warehousing and
Distribution, **Print box labels**.

