---
title: Send to Amazon: Choose inventory to send
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T
section: General Documentation
---

This page provides information about the first step to create a shipment with
Send to Amazon, choose inventory to send, including how to set up your
workflow, add inventory that you want to send to fulfillment centers, and
create case pack and single-SKU pallet templates.

You can add inventory to a workflow by either selecting from a list of your
available Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) SKUs or by uploading SKUs in bulk using
a template.

  * **Step 1 – Choose inventory to send**
  * Step 1b – [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * Step 2 – [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW)
  * Step 3 – [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7)
  * Step 4 – [Confirm carrier and pallet information](/gp/help/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG) (for pallet shipments only) 
  * Step 5 – [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Final step – [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon partnered carrier)

## Set up your workflow

  1. Select your **Ship from** address. This is the address from which you’ll send your inventory. By default, this will show the last address from which you shipped. You can change this address by clicking **Ship from another address**.

**Note:** Amazon requires an accurate **Ship from** address to ensure the
proper placement of your inventory and the accuracy of shipping charges. You
will not be able to change this address once you confirm your shipments in
step 2 of the workflow.

  2. Select the **Marketplace destination**. This is the Amazon store to which your inventory will be sent.

**Note:** The store might be pre-selected based on your Seller Central
website. If not, select the store from the drop-down menu. If the store that
you want to ship to doesn’t appear in the menu, check to see if you have
signed in to the Seller Central website for that store.

##  Add inventory by selecting from a list

To add inventory to your workflow from a list of available FBA SKUs, choose
**Select from list** as your SKU selection method. You can add inventory as
single-SKU pallets or single-SKU boxes (also called case packs) or as
individual units.

Watch our video for an overview, and read the full instructions for pallets
case packs and units below.

## Add single-SKU boxes to a workflow

Single-SKU boxes, or case packs, contain one or more units of the same SKU. If
the contents, weights, and dimensions for your single-SKU boxes don’t change
frequently, we recommend that you create packing templates for those SKUs that
you want to send to Amazon.

Case pack templates let you save information about how your SKUs are packed,
prepped, and labeled. Once you have created a template, you can reuse it for
future shipments, which can save you time when you replenish inventory. You
can have up to three packing templates per SKU in Send to Amazon. You can edit
a template by clicking the **Edit** icon in the packing details column.

**Tip:** Skip this step if you either pack mixed SKUs in a box or if, your
packing details change frequently.

Watch our video tutorial, and read the full instructions below.

**Create a case pack template**

  1. From the **Packing details** drop-down menu, select **Create new case pack template** for the SKU you want to work on. 

  2. Enter the following information into the template: 
     * **Packing template name** : Name the template so that you can tell it apart from other templates you may create for the same SKU.
     * **Template type** : Select case pack from the dropdown list. Case pack is the default option.
     * **Units per box** : The number of sellable units in each shipping box. A sellable unit is the item that a customer can buy. For example, a pack of 10 pens sold together is 1 sellable unit.
     * **Box dimensions** : The outside dimensions of the shipping box.
     * **Box weight** : The total weight of a packed shipping box, including dunnage.
     * **Prep for each unit** : The [packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/200141500) for your SKU.
     * **Who preps units** (if required): Choose **By seller** if your units will be prepped before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the [FBA Prep Service](/gp/help/G201023020).
     * **Who labels units** (if required): Choose **By seller** if your units will be labeled before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the [FBA Label Service](/gp/help/G200483750). Labeling with an Amazon barcode may not be required if your inventory is tracked with [FBA virtual tracking](/gp/help/200141480).

**Note:** When you enter the box weight and dimensions, we compare those
figures with the units that you put into the box. We expect that the box
weight and volume will be no more than 10% less than the weight and volume of
all the units inside the box combined. If the figures aren’t as expected,
you’ll see an alert. You can use this information to help prevent accidental
errors, as well as problems when you replenish your inventory. If you believe
your input is accurate and it does not cause problems, you can ignore the
alert.

  3. Click **Save**. Once you have created a case pack template for a SKU, enter the number of boxes that you want to send.

**Important:** Failure to provide accurate box content information may result
in blocking of future shipments. Accurate box weight and dimensions are
required for all shipments. For more information, see [Shipping and routing
requirements](/gp/help/G200141510).

  4. With the correct case pack template selected under **Packing details** , enter the **Number of boxes to send** for the SKU that you want to send.

  5. If an expiration date is required for your product, you will be prompted to enter it. For more information, go to [Expiration dates on FBA products](/gp/help/201003420).

  6. Click **Ready to send**.

**Note:** If you have more than one box configuration for a SKU, you can add a
second packing line.  

  1. Click **Additional inputs** in the **Information/action** column to expand it. 
  2. Select **Add packing line**.
  3. From the **Packing detail** drop-down menu, select either a case-pack template or individual units.
  4. Enter the **Quantity to send** and confirm.

Each pack line can have different expiration dates. Currently, there is a
maximum of two packing lines per SKU.

## Add single-SKU pallets to a workflow

A single-SKU pallet may have units directly placed onto the pallet or units
that are packed into boxes, then those boxes are placed onto the pallet.

**Create a single-SKU pallet template**  

  1. From the **Packing details** drop-down menu, select **Create new packing template** for the SKU you want to work on.
  2. Enter the following information into the template:
     * **Packing template name** : Name the template so that you can tell it apart from other templates you may create for the same SKU.
     * **Template type** : Select single-SKU pallet from the dropdown list.
     * **Units per box** : The number of sellable units in a shipping box on each pallet. A sellable unit is the item that a customer can buy. For example, a pack of 10 pens sold together is 1 sellable unit. If the sellable units with original manufacturer's packaging (such as tires, iron board, bagged pet food etc) are placed directly onto the pallet, enter 1 as units per box.
     * **Box dimensions** : The outside dimensions of the shipping box on each pallet.
     * **Box weight** : The total weight of a packed shipping box on each pallet, including dunnage.
     * **Boxes per Pallet** : The number of shipping boxes on each pallet. If you ship with pallets and place sellable units with original manufacturer's packaging (such as tires, iron board, etc) directly onto the pallet, enter count of the sellable units that go onto a pallet as boxes per pallet. You can have up to 5000 boxes per pallet.
     * **Prep for each unit** : The packaging and prep requirements for your SKU.
     * **Who preps units** (if required): Choose **By seller** if your units will be prepped before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the FBA Prep Service.
     * **Who labels units** (if required): Choose **By seller** if your units will be labeled before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the FBA Label Service. Labeling with an Amazon barcode may not be required if your inventory is tracked with FBA virtual tracking.
  3. Click **Save**. Once you have created a single-SKU pallet template for a SKU, enter the number of pallets that you want to send.
  4. With the correct single-SKU pallet template selected under **Packing details** , enter the **Number of pallets to send** for the SKU that you want to send.
  5. If an expiration date is required for your product, you will be prompted to enter it. For more information, go to Expiration dates on FBA products.
  6. Click **Ready to send**

## Add individual units to a workflow

If you are shipping mixed-SKU boxes (boxes that contain more than one SKU), or
single-SKU boxes that change from shipment to shipment, follow the steps
below:

  1. From the **Packing details** drop-down menu, select **Individual units** for the SKU you want to work on.

  2. Enter the following information into the template: 
     * **Prep for each unit** : The [packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/200141500) for your SKU.
     * **Who preps units** (if required): Choose **By seller** if your units will be prepped before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the [FBA Prep Service](/gp/help/G201023020).
     * **Who labels units** (if required): Choose **By Seller** if your units will be labeled before they arrive at the fulfillment center. Choose **By Amazon** to opt in to the [FBA Label Service](/gp/help/G200483750). Labeling with an Amazon barcode may not be required if your inventory is tracked with [FBA virtual tracking](/gp/help/200141480).

  3. Click **Save**. When you are done, enter the number of units for each SKU that you want to send to Amazon.

  4. With **Individual units** selected under **Packing details** , enter the **Number of units** of the SKU that you want to send.

  5. If an expiration date is required for your product, you will be prompted to enter it. For more information, go to [Expiration dates on FBA products](/gp/help/201003420).

  6. Click **Ready to pack**.

**Note:** If you are shipping multiple SKUs in a box, you’ll notice a new step
in the workflow, [Step 1b – Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN).
In that step, you’ll be prompted to provide box content information for these
SKUs.

##  Add inventory in bulk using a template file

To add inventory to a workflow in bulk using a template, choose **File
upload** as your SKU selection method.

To create and upload the file, follow the steps below.

**Generate and download the template**

  1. Choose optional columns to add to your template:
     * Choose **Case pack information** if one or more of your SKUs will be packed in single-SKU shipping boxes. You can enter box content information, weights, and dimensions in the template so that you won't need to re-enter this information during the workflow. 
     * Choose **Expiration date** if one or more of your SKUs require an expiration date. You can enter the expiration date information for your inventory in the Excel template.

  2. Click **Generate and download file**.

**List your SKUs in the spreadsheet**

The downloaded template has tabs with instructions, data definitions,
examples, and a blank spreadsheet to create your workflow.

  1. Review the instructions and data definitions.

  2. Fill out the spreadsheet and list your SKUs in the **Create workflow – template** tab. Individual units and case packed SKUs can be listed together in the **Create workflow – template** tab. The spreadsheet will include the optional columns that you selected when you generated the template.

**Note:** Include up to four packing lines per SKU by creating separate rows
for each packing line. Only one packing line can be input as individual units
(without case pack information in the optional case-packed SKU columns). Input
all other packing lines as single-SKU boxes (case packs). If your Merchant SKU
(MSKU) has multiple expiration dates, then you can enter up to four packing
lines with unique expiration dates in separate rows for the same MSKU.

**Upload your completed file**

  1. After you have filled out all of the required information, choose one of the following save options:
     * Save the entire spreadsheet in .xlsx format. 

Do not rename the tabs or change the structure of the cells in the
spreadsheet.

     * Save the **Create workflow – template** tab in .txt format. 

Do not change the structure of the cells in the tab.

  2. Click **Upload completed file** and select your file. 

This can take a few minutes depending on file size. Don’t refresh or leave the
page while the upload is in progress.

**Note:** If the information is accurate, the **SKUs ready to send** tab opens
for you to review all the SKUs. If there are errors, you’ll see an error
message with a downloadable error report. Resolve the error or remove the SKU
from the workflow before proceeding to the next step.

## Edit prep category and ownership in bulk

Follow these steps to update the prep category, prep owner, or label owner for
multiple SKUs:

  1. Click the check box next to each SKU that you want to edit. 

**Note:** The **Select all** box in the header applies only to the SKUs that
are listed on the current page.

  2. To change the prep category for each SKU that you selected:   

    1. Click **Set prep category**.
    2. From the **Prep for each unit** drop-down menu, select a category.
    3. Click **Save**.
    4. After reviewing the summary of changes, click **Close**.
The change will be applied at the SKU level. For more information, click
**Prep guidance**.

  3. To change the prep owner, label owner, or both:    

    1. Click **Set prep and label owner**.
    2. Select either **Apply to chosen packing templates** or **Apply to all packing templates**.
    3. From the **Who preps units?** drop-down menu, the **Who labels units?** drop-down menu, or both, select an owner.
    4. Click **Save**.
    5. After reviewing the summary of changes, click **Close**.
The changes will be applied at the template level.

## Label your units

Each item that you send to a fulfillment center requires a barcode, which we
use to identify and track inventory throughout the fulfillment process. For
more information, go to [FBA product barcode
requirements](/gp/help/G201100910).

If your SKU requires Amazon barcodes (FNSKU labels) and you selected
**Seller** as the labeling owner, click **Print SKU labels** in the
**Information/action** column, and then apply the printed labels. You can also
print all of the unit labels for a shipment by clicking **Print all SKU
labels** at the end of step 1.

You can also re-print your SKU labels from **View contents** in each shipment
card in steps 2 to 5 of the workflow.

When printing unit labels, you can choose to use standard formats or thermal
printing format in the label printing pop-ups. STA supports thermal printing
for unit labels.

**Note:** You can ship both single-SKU boxes created with case pack templates
and mixed-SKU boxes in the same Send to Amazon workflow.

## Confirm and continue to next step

After you have added all the inventory that you want to send, you can review
all the SKUs by clicking the **SKUs ready to send** tab. After you verify the
packaging, prep and labeling details, proceed to the next step by clicking
**Confirm and continue**.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What are the “All FBA SKUs” and “SKUs ready to send” tabs?

**All FBA SKUs** displays all of your SKUs that have been converted to
**Fulfilled by Amazon** for the store destination that you've selected. **SKUs
ready to send** lets you review just the SKUs that you’ve selected to send to
a fulfillment center.

#### What is the “Pre-selected SKUs” tab?

The SKUs that you selected from **Manage Inventory** will appear on the **Pre-
selected SKUs** tab in Send to Amazon. Once you confirm the quantity to send
for these pre-selected SKUs, they will be moved automatically to the **SKUs
ready to send** tab. You can add more SKUs to the same workflow by selecting
them from the **All FBA SKUs** tab.

#### How do I edit or delete a packing template?

To edit a packing template, select the template in the **Packing details**
column and click the **Edit** icon next to it. This will open the template in
edit mode. Be sure to save any changes you make to the template by clicking
**Save**. If you want to delete the template, click **Delete packing
template**.

#### How many case pack templates can I create per SKU?

You can create a maximum of three packing templates including case pack and
single-SKU pallet templates per SKU. If you would like to be able to create
more templates per SKU, share your feedback by clicking **Your feedback is
important** on the [Send to Amazon](/fba/sendtoamazon/) page.

#### What if I have a partial box in addition to a few full boxes to ship?

You can add a second packing line for the SKU by clicking **Add packing line**
from the **Information/action** column.

If your partial box has multiple units of the same SKU (a single-SKU box),
follow these steps:  

  1. Create a temporary **packing template** for the partial box.
  2. Enter the **number of boxes**.
  3. Click **Ready to send**.

If you plan to add other SKUs into your partial box (a multi-SKU box), follow
these steps:  

  1. Select **Individual units** as your packing detail.
  2. Enter the **number of units**.
  3. Select **Ready to pack**.

In the latter case, you’ll be prompted to provide box-content information in
Step 1b. Currently, there is a maximum of two packing line per SKU.

#### What if I have multiple expiration dates for my case-packed SKUs?

If you have multiple expiration dates for your case-packed SKUs, add them as
separate packing lines for that SKU by following the steps in the previous
FAQ, **What if I have a partial box in addition to a few full boxes to ship?**

#### What is the weight and dimensions requirement for boxes shipped to Amazon
fulfillment centers?

Boxes containing multiple standard-size items or oversized items must not
exceed 25.00 inches on any side. A box may only exceed the 25.00 inch limit if
it contains oversize units that measure longer than 25.00 inches. Boxes must
not exceed the standard weight limit of 50.00 lb, unless they contain one
single item that exceeds 50.00 lb. Boxes containing jewelry or watches must
not exceed 40.00 lb. For over-weight products you need to attach a Team Lift
or Mechanical Lift label on the box. For details, go to [Shipping and routing
requirements ](/gp/help/G200141510).

Box dimension and weight policies are strictly enforced. Sending oversize or
overweight cartons to the fulfillment center may lead to blocking of future
shipments. If your box does not comply requirements, you’ll receive error
message**A box containing Standard-size units cannot exceed 25 inches on any
side.** or **A box that exceeds the standard weight limit of 50lb may contain
only a single oversized item that exceeds 50lb**. To fix this, you may put
your items into multiple boxes in order to comply box dismensions and weight
policies.

#### Why am I receiving error message “This product cannot be added to the
shipment because the ASIN has stranded inventory, meaning that there is no
active offer for this listing. To fix stranded inventory so that the product
can be shipped again, visit Fix stranded inventory.”?

You’re seeing this message as there’s no active offer for this listing. Go to
the [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory) dashboard
to view the detailed stranded reason and fix it before you can create a
shipment. For how to resolve stranded inventory issues, go to [Resolve
stranded inventory issues ](/gp/help/GEYJTVJPWRYUTADQ).

#### Why am I receiving error message “No fulfilment centers are currently
available to receive the total quantity of dangerous goods units in this
shipment .”?

You’re seeing this message as a dangerous goods SKU exceeds the maximum
allowable quantity limit at the selected fulfillment center. Amazon sets a
maximum allowable quantity limit for dangerous goods in fulfillment centers,
according to the established regulatory framework for each facility. To
resolve the error message, follow the steps provided in [Maximum allowable
quantity limits for dangerous goods](/gp/help/GHLPCM24G965CHSK).

#### Why am I receiving error message “This product is under dangerous goods
(Hazmat) review, which can take up to four (4) business days. If the product
is FBA-eligible, you will be able to create a listing at that time .”?

You’re seeing this message as the ASIN is under hazmat review. Please wait for
the review to complete, if the product is eligible for FBA, then you can
create shipment for the product. You can check the ASIN hazmat classification
information using the Look up an ASIN tool provided in [Dangerous goods review
process (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201749580).

#### Why am I receiving error message “Units of this ASIN had pending Long-
Term Storage Fee charges and were removed before the LTSF charge. Your ability
to send in more units of this ASIN has been limited.”?

You’re seeing this message as you removed units of an ASIN that would be
subject to the aged inventory surcharge (previously known as the long-term
storage fee) at the next inventory cleanup date, you won’t be able to send
more units of that ASIN for three months after that date. For details, please
refer to [Aged inventory surcharge](/gp/help/GJQNPA23YWVA4SBD).

#### Why am I receiving error message “This SKU is already being used for
another product. Please create a new offer with a new SKU in order to use the
manufacturer barcode.”?

You're seeing this message as there is an existing FBA offer with the same
merchant SKU for another product, or there was an offer with this same SKU
that has now been deleted. Merchant SKUs cannot be reused, even if an existing
offer using the SKU has been deleted. For self-troubleshooting, create a new
listing with a new SKU to use the manufacturer barcode. If the issue persists,
please create a case to Selling Partner Support.

#### Why am I receiving error message “Error - Open packing details to view
the error message"?

You’re seeing this message as there’s error with the packing template. To fix
this, click the pencil icon to the left of the message under Packing Details
column, in the packing template you’ll see a specific error message that must
be resolved before you can save the packing template. Please note that
modifications to the listing (changing the listing weight or dimensions) can
take up to 15 minutes to be updated before the template can be saved.

