---
title: Send to Amazon: Delivery window
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G4ZKN4DCCXL5XQWJ
section: General Documentation
---

If you use a non-partnered carrier for small parcel or less-than-truckload
(LTL) shipments, you must provide a delivery window when you create a shipment
using Send to Amazon.

A "delivery window" is an estimated date range of when you expect your
shipment to arrive at a fulfillment center. When Amazon has this information,
we can better plan our operations to help get your products in stock faster.
Delivering within the provided window will allow us to process your shipments
timely and benefit you with incremental sales.

If you use a non-partnered carrier for small parcel or LTL shipments, you must
specify a seven-day delivery window for domestic shipments or a 14-day window
for international shipments.

**Important:** If you use an Amazon partnered carrier or Amazon Global
Logistics for your shipments, no action is required.

To enter a delivery window, follow these steps in the Send to Amazon workflow:

  * **Small parcel** : If you select a non-partnered carrier, specify the delivery window in step 2 of the workflow.
  * **LTL** : If you select a non-partnered carrier, specify the delivery window in step 4 of the workflow. 

**Tip:** You can update your delivery window information in the **Tracking
details** step up to the start of the window.

**Note:** If you use an Amazon partnered carrier or Amazon Global Logistics,
you're not required to provide a delivery window because the carrier will
provide us with shipment arrival information.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Why should I provide a delivery window?

Amazon relies on the delivery window information you provide to effectively
manage your incoming shipment. This is crucial to getting your products in
stock sooner, so you can make better supply-chain decisions. When we lack
accurate arrival information for your shipments, it increases to possibility
of receiving delays. The delivery window you provide enables us to optimize
operational efficiency, costs, time, and labor to get your units in stock
faster. We're asking for a date range instead of one date estimate, to account
for the inherent uncertainty in transportation lead times.

#### How do I update my delivery window information if it has changed?

You can edit your delivery window in the **Tracking details** step of Send to
Amazon until the start of the window. For example, if you have entered the
delivery window as April 1 to April 7, you can edit or update the window until
March 31. Once your window starts, you won't be able to make any changes.
Additionally, if the shipment arrives before the delivery window, for example,
on March 25, you won't be able to make any changes.

#### What happens if I provide an inaccurate delivery window?

If the window hasn't started yet, you can update the date range. If your
shipment arrives earlier or later than the delivery window, weâ€™ll notify you
in the Shipping Queue and Shipment Performance Dashboard so you can work with
your carrier to provide more accurate estimates for future shipments.

Starting from October 2023, if your shipments fall outside the delivery
window, accounting for variability in lead times, we will notify you for each
problem occurrence via email, on the Problems Tab of the Shipment Summary
page, and on the Shipment Performance Dashboard. The primary purpose of this
policy is to provide Amazon with accurate shipment arrival information,
thereby mitigating in stock delays.

#### What happens if I miss my delivery window because of Amazon delaying my
appointments?

We understand carrier appointments can be delayed by Amazon. When we evaluate
whether the delivery window provided is accurate, we use the carrier's first
requested appointment date for LTL shipments or delivery date for small parcel
shipments. If the actual arrival or delivery date falls outside of the
delivery window that you provided, then that shipment is considered to have
missed the window. If the requested date falls within the dates of the
delivery window you provide, we will not notify you of a missed delivery
window shipment problem.

#### Do we need to provide both tracking ID and Delivery Windows?

Yes, we need both for your non-Amazon Partnered Carrier shipments. We plan our
operations in advance to build the right capacity for your arriving shipments.
Delivery Windows provide us early information of your planned lead time, so we
can optimize our capacity to receive your shipments faster. Hence, our request
for delivery windows at the time of shipment creation. By the time a tracking
ID is available it may be too late for us to use in capacity planning, hence
why we need both signals. We use tracking IDs to make in-transit units buyable
so your products get glance views. Even when they are out of stock, and to
know when your units have arrived at our network and in what trailers to
optimize the flow of your units through our buildings.

#### What's the difference between "ship date" and "delivery window"?

The ship date is the date on which you send the shipment to the fulfillment
center. The delivery window, which is specific to non-partnered-carrier
shipments, is the date range during which the shipment is expected to arrive
at the fulfillment center.

