---
title: Send to Amazon: Print box labels
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7
section: General Documentation
---

Once you have confirmed your shipment in step 2 of the Send to Amazon
workflow, you can print labels for each box. This page has information on how
to print and apply box labels for both small parcel and pallet shipments.

  * Step 1 – [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)
  * Step 1b – [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * Step 2 – [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW)
  * **Step 3 – Print box labels**
  * Step 4 – [Confirm carrier and pallet information](/gp/help/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG) (for pallet shipments only)
  * Step 5 – [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Final step – [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon partnered carrier)

Watch our video tutorials.

**Important:** Each box you send in must have a label. Make sure to apply the
right label to the right box to avoid unnecessary delays when we receive your
inventory.

## Small parcel shipments

All boxes for small parcel delivery must have an FBA box ID label and a
carrier label. To download the labels, click **Print box labels** in step 3 of
the Send to Amazon workflow. For more information about labeling your boxes,
go to [Shipment label requirements](/gp/help/200178470).

If you are using an [Amazon partnered carrier](/gp/help/201119120), follow
these steps:

  1. Click **Print box labels** to generate a PDF with FBA box ID labels and carrier labels.

  2. Apply the right FBA box ID and carrier label to each box.

  3. Hand off your boxes to the carrier.

**Note:** Amazon partnered carriers offer automatic tracking, which helps us
prepare to receive your inventory when it arrives at the fulfillment center.

If you are using a non-partnered carrier, follow these steps:

  1. Click **Print box labels** to generate a PDF with only FBA box ID labels. The status of your shipment will automatically update from **Working** to **Ready to ship**. 

  2. Work with your carrier to create the carrier labels for your boxes.

  3. Apply the correct FBA box ID label and carrier label to each box.

  4. Hand off your boxes to the carrier.

  5. Provide tracking IDs for your boxes either in the Send to Amazon **Tracking details** step or in the **Track shipment** tab of the **Shipment Summary** page.

**Important:** Providing the correct tracking IDs from your carrier helps
Amazon receive your shipment up to 30% faster and make your products available
for sale sooner.

## Pallet shipments

You must put an FBA box ID label on the outside of each box so the labels will
be visible when the pallet is unpacked at the fulfillment center. For more
information about labeling your boxes, see [Shipment label
requirements](/gp/help/200178470).

  1. Click **Print box labels** to generate a PDF with a box ID label.

  2. Apply the right FBA box ID label to each box.

  3. Click **Continue to carrier and pallet details**.

To learn how to change or cancel your shipment, go to [Send to Amazon: Change
or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

## Frequently asked questions

#### How do I let Amazon know that my shipment is on its way?

You no longer need to mark your shipments as **Shipped**.

If you’re using a partnered carrier, we’ll track your shipments and change the
status to **Shipped** for you.

If you’re using a non-partnered carrier, once you’ve provided valid tracking
details for your shipments, the status of your shipment will automatically
update to **Shipped**. You can provide tracking details either in the Send to
Amazon **Tracking details** step or in the **Track shipment** tab of the
**Shipment summary** page.

The status of your shipment will show as **Shipped** on the **Shipping Queue**
and the **Shipment summary** page.

#### How do I access tracking and reconciliation information for a shipment?

Once you have handed over your boxes to the carrier, you can track receipt of
your inventory and find reconciliation information on the Shipment summary
page by clicking the **Track shipment** links at the bottom of the Send to
Amazon page.

#### Can I start a new shipment without handing over my current shipment to
the carrier?

Yes, you can start a new Send to Amazon workflow without handing over your
current shipment to the carrier. Once you’ve handed off your previous
shipments to the carrier, you can access them from the [Shipping
Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html/ref=ag_xx_cont_fbashipq) and provide
the shipment tracking information in the Send to Amazon workflow or, if you’re
using a non-partnered carrier, on the **Tracking events** tab of the
**Shipment summary** page.

#### Earlier I was using Carrier Central for raising appointment requests, do
I have to stop using Carrier Central?

Yes, for all fulfillment centers (excluding Heavy & Bulky) you can now
directly schedule appointment using the **Book FC appointment** in Seller
Central. You are no longer required to raise appointment requests through
Carrier Central after you have scheduled an appointment through Seller
Central.

