---
title: Send to Amazon: Confirm shipping
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW
section: General Documentation
---

Once you have provided box content information for each SKU that you want to
ship, you can proceed to step 2 of the Send to Amazon workflow, **Confirm
shipping**. This page has information on reviewing your shipment, setting the
ship date, and setting the shipping mode for small package and pallet
shipments.

  * Step 1: [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)
  * Step 1b: [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * **Step 2: Confirm shipping**
  * Step 3: [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7)
  * Step 4: [Confirm carrier and pallet information](/gp/help/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG) (for pallet shipments only)
  * Step 5: [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Final step: [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon partnered carrier)

Watch our video tutorial.

## Review shipments

By default, your inventory might be routed to more than one fulfillment
center. The fulfillment centers are selected based on the products that you're
shipping and where you're shipping them from. Placing your inventory closer to
buyers can reduce the time to deliver orders for your products.

**Tip:** If you'd rather send all of your eligible inventory to a single
receive center or fulfillment center, you can sign up for the [FBA Inbound
Placement Service](/gp/help/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z).

The shipment destination details on this page in the workflow might update if
you don't confirm them within 24 hours. By confirming shipping, you agree to
send your shipment to the assigned fulfillment centers and to pay any
applicable estimated charges for shipping, prep, labeling, and placement.

If you chose to create shipment by skipping Carton Level Information
submission, select Pack later in Step 1b.

In Step 2a, review and confirm the placement plan to create shipment.

In Step 2b, enter the Packing Information (Carton Level Information and Box
Weight-Dimension).

In Step 2c, confirm the shipment’s Ready date and Freight selection.

**Note:** For shipments created without Carton Level Information in Step 1b,
you can submit the Carton Level Information for each shipment using only the
Excel file upload method or choose Freight only for transportation.

## Set ship date and shipping mode

To confirm shipping, follow these steps:

  1. Enter the estimated **Ship date** for the shipment in the workflow. Telling us the date on which you expect to hand off your inventory to your carrier lets us plan for the arrival of your inventory and avoid unnecessary delays.

  2. Select your **Shipping mode**. The shipping mode refers to how your shipment will be transported. You can send your inventory as [small parcel shipments](/gp/help/200280260) or [pallet shipments](/gp/help/200280270).

**Note:** If you require small parcel and pallet shipments in the same
workflow, follow the [Multi-mode shipping guide](/gp/help/G2BE48VBE9R97V7N).

**Important:** When you create your shipment, make sure that you select the
correct shipping mode and ship-from address. If you send a shipment using a
different mode than what you selected, the shipment might encounter problems
when the carrier requests a delivery appointment, or it might be refused at
pickup.

## Pack lists

Pack lists are available within shipments at step 2, **Confirm shipping**.
Click the **View contents** link in the lower-right corner of the shipment
content for each shipment. You will have the option to download the pack list
as a .csv file. Pack lists will indicate which boxes go with each shipment.

## Small parcel shipments

Small parcel delivery is for items packed in shipping boxes that are
individually labeled for delivery. Normally, these are smaller shipments that
are sent via DHL, UPS, FedEx, or local postal services.

To complete your small parcel delivery request, follow these steps:

  1. Select **Small parcel delivery** as your preferred shipping mode.

  2. Select your carrier. You can take advantage of discounted shipping rates and automated tracking by selecting an [Amazon partnered carrier](/gp/help/201119120) and buying and printing shipping labels in the workflow. Alternatively, you can use a non-partnered carrier to book shipping outside of Seller Central.

  3. Review the shipments assigned and any applicable estimated charges for shipping, prep, and labeling, and click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** if everything looks right.

## Enter a delivery window

For both Small Parcel and Pallet shipment, enter a delivery window if you have
chosen a non-partnered carrier.

A delivery window is an estimated date range of when you expect your shipment
to arrive at the fulfillment center. Specify a seven-day window for domestic
shipments or a 14-day window for international shipments.

**Important:** If you use an Amazon partnered carrier, a delivery window is
not required because the carrier will provide us with shipment arrival
information.

You can update your delivery window information in the **Tracking details**
step up to the start of the window.

## Pallet shipments

Less than truckload (LTL) delivery is for shipping boxes on pallets that are
labeled for delivery.

To complete your pallet delivery request, follow these steps:

  1. Select **Less than truckload** as your preferred shipping mode.

  2. Review the shipments assigned and any applicable estimated prep and labeling charges, and click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** if everything looks right.

**Note:** To learn how to change or cancel your shipment, go to [Send to
Amazon: Change or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

## Multi-mode shipping

**Select multiple shipping modes**

To send both [small parcel](/gp/help/200280260) and
[pallet](/gp/help/200280270) shipments to Amazon in the same workflow, follow
these steps:

  1. In the **Confirm shipping** step, enter the estimated **Ship date** for the shipments. When you provide the expected date for carrier pickup, we can plan for the arrival of your inventory and avoid unnecessary delays. 

  2. Unselect **Shipping mode will be the same for all shipments**.

  3. For each shipment, select either **Small parcel delivery** or **Less than truckload** under **Shipping mode**. 

  4. For small parcel shipments, select a carrier. The same carrier must be used for all small parcel shipments in a workflow.

  5. Review the shipments that are assigned and any applicable estimated charges for shipping, prep, and labeling. Click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** if everything looks right.

Continue to step 3, [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7), where
you’ll print your box labels and any applicable partnered carrier labels for
your shipments.

**Note:** A single workflow cannot include both [partnered
carriers](/gp/help/201119120) and non-partnered carriers for your shipments.

## Merge shipments

You may be able to merge your shipment with other eligible shipments. To learn
more, go to [Send to Amazon: Merge shipments](/gp/help/GJLY8458DZ7V3F7K).

## Change ship-from address

Once your shipment destinations are displayed, you can change the ship-from
address at the shipment level, while the destination will remain the same.

To change the ship-from address, follow these steps:

  1. Click **Change** next to the ship-from address for a shipment.

  2. Select an existing ship-from address or add a new ship-from address. 

  3. Review the updated shipping and transportation costs based on the new ship-from address.

  4. Click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** if everything looks right.

**Note:** You cannot update the ship-from address for merged shipments or
shipments that have box-level inventory placement.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Can I leave in the middle of the workflow and come back to finish?

You can leave the workflow at any point and return later to the place you
left. However, the fulfillment center placement options for your workflow are
valid for only 72 hours pending shipment confirmation. If you leave the
workflow and return more than 72 hours later, the fulfillment center placement
options are invalid and you must delete the current workflow and create a new
workflow.

If you start a new workflow or switch to a different workflow, you can return
to this workflow by clicking the **Active workflows** link and selecting it
from the list.

#### Can I modify SKUs or quantities and change shipment contents?

You can modify SKUs or quantities before you confirm shipping in Step 2 and
Step 3. However, your placement destination might change if you do so.

Once you have confirmed shipping, you cannot add new SKUs to the shipment.
However, you will be able to edit the quantity of the existing SKUs within
certain limits. You can do so by clicking View or edit contents in the
shipment details box after confirming a shipment in Step 3, 4 and 5. For
details, see [Send to Amazon: Change or cancel your
shipment](/gp/help/P29SYECJZGJ9XMR). If you have to make changes beyond the
limits, you must cancel all the shipments in the workflow and start over.

#### Why do I have to provide a ship date?

Telling us the date on which you expect to hand off your inventory to your
carrier lets us plan for the arrival of your inventory and avoid unnecessary
delays. If your expected ship date changes after you confirm your shipment,
you can update it in step 3 of the workflow, [Print box
labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7).

#### Why it shows “Multiple destinations via Box-Level Inventory Placement” in
“Ship to”? Do I need to send my products to multiple destinations?

Multiple destinations will appear under the Ship to heading in your shipping
plan when box-level placement applies to your shipment. Box-Level Inventory
Placement helps improve the distribution of your products across Amazon’s
fulfillment network. If Box-Level Placement applies to your shipment, you
create and track shipments as you normally would and do not have to send to
multiple destinations. For details, see [Box-Level Inventory
Placement](/gp/help/GWK3VTXZ9W5LHMEN).

#### Will the contents of my shipment be sent to multiple fulfillment centers?

In order to place your inventory closer to customers and reduce the time to
deliver orders for your products, we may send the contents of your shipment to
more than one destination. When this happens, you’ll see your shipment being
split into multiple shipments, each directed to a different fulfillment
center. However, we won’t divide the contents of a single box based on your
packing template. You have the option to use FBA Inbound Placement Service to
have eligible inventory to the same fulfillment center. Please note that The
FBA Inbound Placement service does not ensure that your shipments will be
routed to one fulfillment center only. This program only ensures that all
units of a specific ASIN are routed to the same fulfillment center. Once you
opt in this service, you can apply this change to your shipment by either go
back to Step 1 of Send to Amazon workflow if you haven’t completed the confirm
shipping step yet, or you can re-create a new Send to Amazon workflow if
you’ve already completed confirm shipping step. For details, see [FBA Inbound
Placement Service](/gp/help/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z).

#### What happens when I confirm a shipment?

When you confirm your shipment, you agree to the shipment destinations and any
applicable estimated charges for shipping, prep, and labeling. Once you
confirm the shipment, a shipment ID is generated for each destination. You can
use this ID to see shipment details and tracking and reconciliation
information in your [Shipping queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html).

#### What if I want to rename my shipment?

You can rename shipments that you have confirmed by clicking **Rename** under
each shipment name in step 3, [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7).

#### What if I need to cancel my shipment?

To cancel your shipment, click **Void this workflow** at the bottom of the
page. To get a full refund of shipping charges from an Amazon partnered
carrier, you must void the shipment within the specified cancellation window:

  * **Small parcel shipments:** After you have confirmed your shipping selections and accepted the charges, you have **24 hours** to void Amazon partnered carrier charges and get a full refund. 
  * **Pallet shipments:** After you have confirmed your shipping selections and accepted the charges, you have **one hour** to void Amazon partnered carrier charges and get a full refund. 

**Important:** After the specified cancellation window has passed, voiding
will cancel all shipments that you have created, but you will not be able to
void the shipping charges.

You can void shipments with a non-partnered carrier at any time. Voiding will
cancel all the applicable shipments that you created and move them into
**Canceled** status in your Shipping Queue. For more information, go to [Send
to Amazon: Change or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

#### Why should I provide a delivery window?

Amazon relies on the delivery window information you provide to effectively
manage your incoming shipment. This is crucial to getting your products in
stock sooner, so you can make better supply-chain decisions. When we lack
accurate arrival information for your shipments, it increases to possibility
of receiving delays. The delivery window you provide enables us to optimize
operational efficiency, costs, time, and labor to get your units in stock
faster. We're asking for a date range instead of one date estimate, to account
for the inherent uncertainty in transportation lead times.

#### How do I update my delivery window information if it has changed?

You can edit your delivery window in the **Tracking details** step of Send to
Amazon up to the start of the window. For example, if you have entered the
delivery window as April 1 to April 7, you can edit or update the window until
March 31. Once your window starts, you won't be able to make any changes.
Additionally, if the shipment arrives before the delivery window, for example,
on March 25, you won't be able to make any changes.

#### What happens if I provide an inaccurate delivery window?

If the window hasn't started yet, you can update the date range. If your
shipment arrives earlier or later than the delivery window, we’ll notify you
in the Shipping Queue and Shipment Performance Dashboard so you can work with
your carrier to provide more accurate estimates for future shipments.

Starting from October 2023, if your shipments fall outside the delivery
window, accounting for variability in lead times, we will notify you for each
problem occurrence via email, on the Problems Tab of the Shipment Summary
page, and on the Shipment Performance Dashboard. The primary purpose of this
policy is to provide Amazon with accurate shipment arrival information,
thereby mitigating in stock delays.

