---
title: Service Safe-T claims
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPCE7EEUM5GJ5GD8
section: General Documentation
---

## Selling Services on Amazon reimbursement (SAFE-T) claims

The Seller Assurance for e-Commerce Transactions (SAFE-T) process allows you
to file a claim for reimbursement when Amazon manual payment is required for
your order. At Amazonâ€™s sole discretion, you may be issued a reimbursement in
cases where Amazon determines that you were not at fault.

You might be eligible for reimbursement if a customer has been refunded for
one of the following reasons. This list does not guarantee a reimbursement,
and Amazon maintains all rights to determine what reimbursement value, if any,
is issued.

## Possible cases for reimbursement

Below is a list of possible cases where you could be considered eligible for a
reimbursement. These situations do not guarantee a reimbursement, and Amazon
maintains sole discretion to determine what reimbursement value, if any, is
issued.

You may be eligible for reimbursement if:

  * Your service appointment could not be completed, and is eligible for a [Trip Credit](/gp/help/202124970)
  * You have been charged a penalty fee that you believe is incorrect and would like to dispute it
  * Amazon determines that the order was cancelled unintentionally or incorrectly
  * Amazon has **pre-approved** a second service appointment for correction of an issue

**Note:** The claim should only be requested after documenting that the second
appointment is completed.

With all reimbursement claims, its your responsibility to reply to information
requests from Amazon investigators. Failure to provide sufficient information
will result denial of your claim.

## Reimbursement values and restrictions

The following restrictions apply to reimbursements:

  * You may only request reimbursements for orders that are assigned to you, and may only file one claim per order.
  * Eligible [Trip Credits](/gp/help/202124970) are reimbursed for a flat rate of $50.
  * Chargeback claims are not covered by this policy. If you receive a chargeback claim, it is your responsibility to reply to information requests from Amazon investigators. Failure to provide sufficient information will result in denial of your claim.

**Note:** After filing your claim, make sure to respond to any further
requests from investigators. If further information is required, you will have
2 business days to respond to investigators with the necessary information or
your claim will be closed automatically.

## How to file a Safe-T claim for reimbursement

  

  1. Go to **Orders** in the Seller Central menu, and then select **Manage SAFE-T Claims**.
  2. Click **File a new SAFE-T claim** , in the top right hand corner of the page.
  3. Enter the Order ID for the return and then click **Check eligibility**.
  4. If your order is eligible, proceed to the next step. If not, select an eligible order to file a claim. 

**Note:** SAFE-T claims do not count against your performance metrics.

  5. Select the reason for your reimbursement claim.
  6. In your claim, provide detail as to why you believe Amazon should reimburse you. For example, if you are disputing a cancellation penalty fee, explain what happened and provide documentation that supports your claim.
  7. Attach all necessary supporting documentation, and then click **Submit SAFE-T claim**. You will receive an email confirming receipt of your claim.

We will review your claim and might request additional information from you.
We will notify you once a decision has been made. You can track the status of
your claim on the **Manage SAFE-T Claims** page.

## Support your claim with documentation

To expedite the review and approval process, attach all supporting
documentation to the Safe-T claim at the time of submission. Documentation is
a requirement for approval of your claim.

Depending on the situation, examples of good supporting documentation include:

  * Service Order ID
  * Product Order ID, if different from Service Order ID
  * Documentation proving completion of agreed work (photos and videos taken with customer approval and Buyer-Seller Messages)
  * Documentation showing promo pricing error incorrectly affecting your payment for the service
  * Documentation identifying the defective product and the nature of the defect, such as an approved A-to-z claim, photos, and videos
  * Documentation supporting claim to overturn penalty, such as photos and Buyer-Seller Messages
  * Any other documentation that supports your request

