---
title: Set and edit user permissions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G901
section: General Documentation
---

**Individual sellers:** The ability to set and edit user permissions is
available only to sellers with a Professional selling plan. To learn more, go
to [Selling plan comparison](/gp/help/64491).

When you initially set up your Seller Central account, only you can access the
account tools and features. You can provide access to others, such as
employees, co-owners, or contractors, by setting your user permissions.

##

To invite new users, follow these steps:

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.

  2. Enter the contact information for the new user and click **Send invitation**. Repeat for all new users that you want to add.

  3. Have your new users follow the instructions in the email that they'll receive.

##

To edit new-user permissions, follow these steps:

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.

  2. Click **Edit** next to the account that you want to change.

  3. Click the button next to each tool that you want to allow the user to access.

**Warning:** By setting user permissions, you allow other users to complete
tasks such as managing inventory or handling shipping confirmations. However,
account credentials are unique, and confidential information should not be
shared with anyone.

User permissions are available only to Professional sellers. You can easily
switch your existing selling plan. To learn how, go to the following help
pages:

  * [Switch to a Professional selling plan](/gp/help/G201747610)
  * [Switch to an Individual selling plan](/gp/help/G201710030)

## Global user permissions

There are pages and tools in Seller Central that are globalized and that allow
users to view and manage features and settings across multiple stores. For
example, the [Return Settings](/gp/returns/settings/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx) page
and the [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/) page both offer the ability to
make changes across multiple stores.

These pages require that global permissions be enabled for individual users.
To view and grant global permissions, follow these steps:

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.

  2. Click **Global user permissions**.

  3. Click **Edit** next to the account that you want to change.

  4. Click the button next to each tool that you want to give the user access to for your account.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Why can't I view some pages on Seller Central?

Access to certain help pages may depend on your selling plan, whether you use
Fulfillment by Amazon, and your user permissions.

#### Who is a primary or secondary user?

A primary user, also known as the account administrator, is the one who
registers a new Seller Central account. The primary user will have access to
every page and feature that their account type offers.

A secondary user is the one invited by the primary user, through the [user
permissions](/gp/account-manager/home.html/ref=xx_userperms_dnav_help) page. A
primary user can grant certain permissions to a secondary user. A secondary
user won't be able access the user permissions page unless a primary user
makes them an administrator.

**Note:** A secondary user will become an administrator when a primary user or
another administrator grants them **View and edit** permission through the
user permissions page. The new administrator can then manage permissions for
other secondary users.

#### Who has access to the user permissions page?

A primary user can access the user permissions page to invite secondary users
and grant them access to perform account-related activities. A secondary user
who has been explicitly granted permission to access the user permissions page
by the primary user can access the page. Other secondary users cannot access
this page.

#### As a primary user or an administrator, how do I remove a secondary user
from my account?

To remove a secondary user, follow these steps:  

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.
  2. In the **Current users** section, click **Delete** next to the user that you want to remove.
  3. In the warning message box, click **OK**. 

#### As a primary user or administrator, how can I add or remove permissions
for my secondary user?

To add or remove permissions, follow these steps:  

  1. From the **Settings** drop-down menu, select **User permissions**.
  2. Click **Manage permissions** next to the secondary user account that you want to change.
  3. Modify permissions, and your changes will be saved automatically.

#### As a secondary user, how do I get access to additional features like
managing orders or issuing refunds in Seller Central?

If you can't access a Seller Central feature or help topic because you don't
have the necessary permissions, ask your primary account administrator to
grant you permission.

#### Can I transfer my seller account?

Although you can add users to your Professional seller account as secondary
users, you can't transfer the account. If the business ownership changes, the
new owner should establish a new seller account in their name. For more
information, go to [Can I transfer my seller account?](/gp/help/200506000)

