---
title: Share your available inventory
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200663530
section: General Documentation
---

##  Disclaimer

You are responsible for ensuring that your listings on Amazon comply with all
applicable local and international laws and regulations. This requirement
includes the following:

  * Your items can be legally sold in every country in which they're listed. 
  * You are permitted to sell the items. 
  * The items can be legally shipped to the buyer.

## Overview

Using a North America Unified Account, you can create listings for seller-
fulfilled products on Amazon.com, Amazon.com.mx, or Amazon.ca and share your
inventory across stores using a single SKU.

**Note:** It’s not currently possible to share inventory between multiple
stores for Amazon-fulfilled listings. To use the features described on this
page, do not select the option to use Fulfillment by Amazon when you create
your listings.

Typically, if an item is listed in the catalog of more than one North American
store, the detail page in each store will share the same ASIN. For more
information, go to [Find your product ID (GTIN)](/gp/help/200211450).

Whenever you list an item with the same ASIN in more than one North American
store, the item's quantity and condition will be replicated across each store
where the item is listed with the same SKU. This means that if your item sells
in one store, or if you manually update the item's quantity in one store,
listings for the item in all North American stores will reflect the new
quantity.

For details about how to create and manage listings using global SKUs,
continue on this page. Professional sellers can also find information about
uploading files to multiple North American stores in our help topics on
inventory file templates.

To learn more about North America Unified Accounts, go to [Amazon North
American stores](/gp/help/201394090).

##  Step 1: List a product in a single store

To list an item, select **Add product** from the **Catalog** drop-down menu
and run a search to locate the detail page for your item.

If the item that you want to list appears in the search results, a detail page
already exists for your item. Click **Sell yours** next to the correct detail
page in the search results, select a condition, provide listing information,
and click **Save and continue** to list the item in the store.

If no detail page exists for your item, click **Create a new product**. After
you’ve provided product details, select a condition and enter listing
information to create the new listing in the store.

**Note:** If you choose to create a new detail page, we might still find an
existing detail page that we believe matches your item and provide the option
of listing against it. If this happens, click **Sell yours** next to the
detail page if it matches your item.

##  Step 2: List your product in an additional store

After you've listed an item in one North American store, select a different
store from the drop-down menu at the top of [Manage Inventory](/inventory/) to
list the item in an additional store. In the listing process for new store,
you’ll be given the option to share product information and the seller SKU for
your item.

Use the Add a Product tool to find your item or to create a new detail page in
the new store. If we locate a detail page for your item, click **Sell yours**
if it matches your item. If you select the option to create a new detail page
and provide your product information, we might then locate a matching detail
page in another North American store. The product information that you provide
will be applied to the ASIN in the new store.

If you choose to create a new listing for your item in another store, you must
provide the same product information that you used for the item in your
original listing, and it must be in the appropriate language for the new
store.

**Note:** You must use the same SKU to share inventory for products listed on
multiple North American stores. For example, if you’ve already created a
listing in the US using ABC123 and you want to share inventory with a listing
for the same ASIN in Canada, use ABC123 as the SKU for your Canada listing. If
you use different SKUs, inventory quantities for each store will be managed
separately. You may also use the same SKUs for the same ASIN in different
stores but opt to not share the SKU across multiple stores.

##  Step 3: Share your available inventory

As you create a second listing in a new store, you'll find these two options
in the **Share your available inventory** section of the offer page:

  * **Unique offer:** Select this option if you want to provide a unique quantity and condition for the item in the new store.
  * **Existing offer:** Select this option if you've already listed the item in another store and want your item's quantity to be shared across all North American stores where it's already listed. If you select this option, we'll automatically assign the SKU, condition, and quantity that you provided for the item in the original store to the new listing in the new store, and these fields will not be available for editing.

If you choose **Existing offer** , your item's quantity will be shared across
stores. Regardless of which option you choose, you’re required to provide
pricing information for your item in every store where it’s listed.

**Note:** On rare occasions, the **Share your available inventory** section
may not appear because it may not be possible to use the same ASIN in more
than one Amazon store. Sometimes a unique ASIN already exists for an item in
each store, in which case any listings you create must be listed under unique
SKUs in each store. The quantity and condition of your item will only be
shared across stores in which the item is listed with the same SKU.

##  Remove listings with shared inventory

**Note:** You cannot remove a listing from a single store by setting its
quantity to zero.

**To remove a shared listing from a single store** , use the **Close listing**
action in Manage Inventory. Alternatively, use the **Edit details** action to
set a future **Start selling** date for the listing in that store.

**To remove listings that share a global SKU from all North American stores**
, use the **Delete product and listing** action in Manage Inventory or set the
quantity to zero.

##  Inventory file uploads

To upload inventory files for the US, Canada, or Mexico stores, follow these
steps:  

  1. Populate each inventory file with data for a single store.
  2. In your seller account, select the **Inventory** link and click **Add Products via Upload**.
  3. At the top of the page, use the switcher drop-down menu to select the store for the products in your file.
  4. Upload your file, as described in the [Manage your offers in bulk](/gp/help/121) help pages.

