---
title: Shipping label requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200178470
section: General Documentation
---

Ensure that you know how to pack your Amazon order so it arrives safely and
quickly at an Amazon fulfillment center by following these important
requirements for shipment labels and inventory packaging.

After you decide what you'll be shipping to Amazon and determine the
appropriate shipping method and carrier to use, it's time for labeling and
packaging.

  * **Small parcel deliveries (SPDs)** are for items packed in individual boxes, and the shipping boxes individually labeled for delivery. These are normally smaller shipments that are sent through DHL, UPS, FedEx, or local postal services. For more information, go to [Small parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/G200280260).
  * **Less Than Truckload/Full Truckload (LTL/FTL)** shipment combines individual boxes on pallets for delivery. For more information, go to [Truckload delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/G200280270).

Each box and pallet you ship to an Amazon fulfillment center, including one or
more units sent in a manufacturer box, must be properly identified with a
unique box ID (see example below) and pallet label. Follow these guidelines
for labeling your boxes:

  * Print the full set of labels. Because each label is unique, don't photocopy, reuse, or modify labels for use on additional boxes.
  * Labels support a measurement of 3 1/3 x 4 inches. If you have a thermal printer, you now have the option to print directly on a 4 x 6 inches format by selecting **thermal printing paper** in the box and pallet label printing options.
  * Don't place labels on a seam or opening on the box because they will be damaged when the box is opened.
  * Place both the Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) box ID label and the carrier label (UPS, FedEx, or other SPD carrier) on a flat surface of the box so the barcodes don’t fold over the edges or corners.
  * Both labels must remain uncovered so they are scannable and readable.
  * Each box in the shipment must have its own FBA box ID label printed from your shipment workflow.
  * Each pallet you send requires four pallet labels, one on the top center of each side.
  * If you’re shipping multiple case packs in a larger box, apply the FBA box ID label to the larger box. You don’t need to apply labels to the individual case packs.

Example: FBA box ID label

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/31/rainer/shipment_label_requirements_image.png)  

If you’ve already created your shipment, you can access it from the [Shipping
Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html/).

**Important:** Failure to label your boxes with the required FBA box ID label
may lead to blocking of future shipments.

Making sure that your labels can be scanned quickly and easily when your
shipment arrives at the fulfillment center helps to prevent delays in
receiving your inventory.

**Note:** The tools in your seller account are optimized for thermal printers.
You can also use laser printers. Do not use ink jet printers. To prevent the
PDF print area from scaling, make sure the printer’s scaling settings are set
to **none** or **100%**. We also recommend that you periodically test your
barcodes by scanning them.

## Special rules for duty-free (Section 321) shipments

If you are delivering imports to Amazon, go to [Delivering imports to
Amazon](/gp/help/200280280) for special rules for duty-free (Section 321)
shipments.

## Box content information

When you provide box content information during the shipment creation
workflow, each FBA box ID label will contain the information for a specific
box. To avoid delays in receiving your inventory at the fulfillment center,
make sure to put the correct label on the correct box. We recommend you verify
that the SKU and number of units in each box match the SKU and number of units
in the box content information that you provided in the shipment creation
workflow.

**Important:** Failure to provide accurate box content information may lead to
blocking of future shipments, and a manual processing fee will be applied.

Also, 2D barcodes do not replace Amazon FBA box ID labels. If you use 2D
barcodes to provide box content information, Amazon FBA box ID labels are
still required.

## The Amazon Partnered Carrier program

In the shipment creation workflow, you'll have the option to take advantage of
Amazon's discounted shipping rates.

  1. In the **Select carrier** screen of the workflow, select **Small parcel delivery** as your shipping method and **Amazon partnered carrier** as the SPD carrier.

  2. Click **Save & continue**.

  3. Enter the number of packages and the weight of each package.

**Note:** Accurate carton weight and dimensions are required for all
shipments, even if you opt to not provide box content information in Seller
Central. For more information, go to [Shipping and routing
requirements](/gp/help/G200141510).

The workflow will provide an estimate for the shipment. If you accept the
charges, your account will be billed for the cost of shipping. If you decline
the charges, you’ll be returned to the **Select carrier** screen so that you
can choose another carrier option.

You can cancel charges for the shipment and use another carrier by clicking
**Void charges** at the **Shipping charges** step, provided you cancel within
24 hours of accepting the charges. For more information, go to [Amazon
Partnered Carrier options](/gp/help/G201119120).

**Important:**

Canceling the shipment does not cancel transportation fees for the partnered
carrier. If 24 hours have passed since you approved the charge, you won't be
able to cancel it or get a refund.

After you complete your shipment, give your box to your scheduled pickup
driver or take the package to a local carrier drop off site of your choice.

**Important:** You must reach out to the SPD carrier to schedule a pickup
request.

