---
title: Ship to New Zealand required customs documentation for seller-fulfilled items
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GXZAJA74D6PL5SCE
section: General Documentation
---

## Ship to New Zealand required customs documentation for seller-fulfilled
items

Due to the implementation of legislation in New Zealand to impose Goods and
Services Tax (GST) on the sale of items that have a customs value of $1,000
NZD or less (Low Value Goods or LVG) sold by a seller with a place of
establishment outside of New Zealand to customers in New Zealand, seller
fulfilled packages will require additional information in order to clear
customs in New Zealand and deliver to the customer.

#### How do I ensure that my LVG package clears customs and is delivered to a
New Zealand address? What additional information do I need to include on my
invoice or package when shipping LVG to New Zealand?

If your Merchant Business Address is not in New Zealand, the customs
documentation you provide with the order must include the details of the
products you are sending, the GST collected by Amazon for each LVG within the
order, and the New Zealand GST registration number of the company collecting
the GST (Amazon.com Services LLC).

You can identify that an item is LVG prior to shipment on the [Order
Details](/gp/orders-v2) page when confirming the order on Seller Central.

#### Where can I find the New Zealand GST registration number in order to
include this information on my import documents?

Amazon.com Services LLC New Zealand GST registration number is 129-994-118.

#### I am shipping multiple items that are individually valued at $1,000 NZD
or less to a New Zealand address. The total amount of the combined items is
above $1,000 NZD. How will Amazon calculate GST on these items?

At the time of order, Amazon cannot determine whether items will be shipped
separately or together as one consignment. Therefore, if your place of
establishment is outside New Zealand, Amazon will treat individual items
valued at $1,000 NZD or less in the order as LVG and will calculate and
collect 15% GST on the items and on associated charges including shipping and
gift wrap charges. The customs documentation that you provide with the order
must include the details of the products you are sending, the GST collected by
Amazon for each LVG within the order, and the New Zealand GST registration
number of the company collecting the GST (Amazon.com Services LLC).

#### I sold an item that is above $1,000 NZD that will be shipped from
overseas. What do I need to do to make sure that my shipment is delivered to a
New Zealand address?

This item would not be subject to LVG GST because its customs value is greater
than $1,000 NZD. However, GST, customs duty, and other import processing
charges may apply. To enable the item to clear customs you will need to
contact your carrier or obtain your own tax advice to determine the amounts
payable, ensure that you provide the right information, and ensure that you
provide sufficient funds to the carrier to cover these amounts. Amazon will
not calculate, collect or remit any GST payable for these items.

#### What are my other options?

If you want your items shipped to customers in New Zealand with the proper
customs documentation automatically included, you have the option to get
started with [Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)](/gp/help/G53921) programs and
services.

