---
title: Shipment Performance dashboard
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUZFHG4ST4FXH267
section: General Documentation
---

The [Shipment Performance dashboard](/fba/inboundperformancedashboard/) is
your one-stop tool for overseeing and managing your shipment performance. The
dashboard summarizes problems that were identified when we received your
shipments in the past 120 days, and shows repeated issues that might require
correction. Critical-level problem groups are shown in red, elevated-level in
yellow, and standard-level in blue.

By preventing shipment problems, the dashboard can help make your inventory
available for sale sooner.

## How it works

The Shipment Performance dashboard shows your performance across the various
problem groups so that you can compare your key performance indicators to
performance targets. It explains how we evaluate your performance based on
[Performance coaching](/gp/help/G5H26MCVJG4B82ST), and offers support to help
you maintain optimal performance.

It also provides coaching resources focused on problem notification,
problematic trends and their root causes, and problem prevention and solution.
With the dashboard, you can do the following:

  * **Monitor your current problem rate against acceptable problem rates:** Problem rates are calculated by dividing the number of problematic units or shipments by the total number received over the past 120 days. The acceptable problem rate is the highest percentage of problems allowed for the problem group. Your problem rate is calculated daily and is updated when we receive a new shipment from you or identify a new problem with your shipment. 
  * **Review trends in your performance over the past 120 days:** The graph on the dashboard illustrates your performance and lets you view your problem rate at the daily level. The graph includes pop-up information on problems that you’ve resolved, when we received a new shipment or found a new problem, and when your coaching level changes and why.
  * **Help improve discovery of individual problems and resolve outstanding problems:** View and resolve the full list of outstanding problems or view previously resolved problems within specific problem groups. You can filter your search results by problem group and problem type, sorted by their key attributes. 
    * **ASIN and FNSKU, or Box ID:** These attributes help you investigate product or box issues at a glance. 
    * **Suspensions:** This informs you which problem group is affecting your specific ASIN or shipment creation eligibility due to multiple shipment issues without a corrective plan of action.
    * **Problem quantity:** This shows how many units were associated with the specific incident from the same shipment. Depending on the problem area, they can be measured by units, boxes, or shipments.
  * **View all problem groups:** This option lets you view the performance of all defect groups beyond the top five that we prioritize for you. It allows you to evaluate performance metrics between problem groups with the option to select an individual problem group for further investigation. 
  * **Take time-sensitive actions:** The dashboard customizes the coaching information for the problem and suggests how to avoid elevated and critical levels.

## View and resolve shipment issues

To access the dashboard, go to [Shipment Performance
dashboard](/fba/inboundperformancedashboard/). You can also follow these steps
in Seller Central:

  1. In the **Inventory** drop-down menu, select **Shipments** under **Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)**.   

  2. Under the **Shipments** drop-down menu, select **Shipment performance**.   

     * To view your performance at the problem-group level based on the default view, click the coaching cards under **Top problem groups**. Click **Problem type** to filter by problem group. To respond to outstanding problems, click **Resolve** in the **Next steps** column. To view previously resolved problems, click **View details**.
     * To view your overall performance across all problem groups, click **View all problem groups** or you can select an individual problem group to learn how you’re doing in a specific area.

**Note:** Hover over key terms like **Acceptable problem rate** , **Current
problem rate** , and **Suspensions** to learn the definition of each.

## Tips for using the dashboard

  * Monitor your performance at least once a week. Our system identifies issues with your shipments in real time, and the dashboard will regularly update and recalculate your current problem rate. 
  * Learn which are the most common problem groups and how to resolve them.
  * Respond to each outstanding problem while focusing on how your performance is trending over the past 120 days. While we recognize that one-time mistakes can happen, repeated instances indicate that corrective action is required. 
  * If you believe that the coaching that you have been given is not relevant to the product in question, you can submit a dispute and explain your situation.
  * We would like to hear your feedback and suggestions as we continually enhance the Shipment Performance dashboard. To provide feedback, click **Tell us how we’re doing** in the dashboard.

## Frequently asked questions

#### How will the Shipment Performance dashboard help me manage shipment
problems?

The Shipment Performance dashboard aggregates your performance across all
problem groups, highlights your opportunities for improvement, and alerts you
about adverse trends. The dashboard allows quick access to targeted coaching
content and provides in-depth information about specific problems.

#### Why is it important for me to monitor my performance and prevent shipment
problems?

The Shipment Performance dashboard is intended to help you understand what is
required during receiving, and provide guidance on how to improve when
problems do occur. This may allow your inventory to be received more quickly
and accurately, and can help reduce issues such as lost or damaged inventory,
customer complaints, and returns. Overall, it will help you keep your account
in good standing.

#### Why is my problem rate data not being updated even after responding to
the defect notification?

Your problem rate will only be recalculated after we have received a new
shipment from you. For information on how we calculate problem rates, view the
**How to monitor your problem rates and coaching level** section of the
[Performance coaching](/gp/help/5H26MCVJG4B82ST) help page.

#### How often are problem rates updated?

Your problem rate is calculated daily. However, it takes up to 48 hours for
the listing to be updated in the Shipment Performance dashboard. We recommend
that you monitor your problem rate twice a week.

#### Who can access the Shipment Performance dashboard?

Access to the Shipment Performance dashboard is granted to the primary user of
your Seller Central account. To add other users to the dashboard, follow these
steps:  

  1. Under **Settings** , click **User permissions**.
  2. Click **Add to global account** next to the account that you want to change.
  3. On the Global user permissions page, check the **View only** box next to **Shipment Performance dashboard**.
  4. Click **Save changes**.

