---
title: Show a reference price on your products by providing a List Price
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G27XM55CQM3SBMD2
section: General Documentation
---

## What is a List Price?

A **List Price** is one type of strikethrough price Amazon may use to show
savings to customers. The List Price is the suggested retail price of a
product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller. In the US, a List
Price is also known as the Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP). List
prices are validated against Amazon recent sales history and external
competitor prices to ensure we reflect accurate information to our customers.
If you do not have a ready-to-provide List Price, a possible value could be
the first price at which you’ve offered the product.

You can also provide a value of 0 to indicate you do not have a List Price.

For more information, go to [Amazon Policy on Reference
Prices](/gp/help/G202170370).

## Update the List Price

To update a single ASIN:  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Inventory** , and then click **Manage all inventory**.
  2. Search for the relevant SKU/ASIN.
  3. Hover over the three dots, and click **Edit listing** in the **Offer** tab, ensure that **All attributes** is enabled.
  4. Fill in the **List Price** field (naming and order varies across stores and categories).
  5. Click **Save and finish**.

To update ASINs in bulk through inventory files:  

  1. In Seller Central, select **Catalog** , and then click **Add products**.
  2. Select the **Spreadsheet option** and **View templates**.
  3. In the **Download spreadsheet** tab, select the **Get product template** option under **Update product details**.
  4. Click the ‘Product Template’ link on the pop-up box.
  5. Search for the relevant product type and applicable stores, then click **Generate spreadsheet** and download it.
  6. In the **Offer** section (shaded red), complete the List Price field labeled **list_price**.

**Note:** To update your existing product. Provide SKU, Product ID, and
Product ID Type, and set the **update_delete attribute** to **Partial Update**
in your List Price update. Only the fields with provided values will be
updated while empty attributes will stay the same as previous values. The
‘Partial Update’ feature allows you to edit an SKU without re-entering every
product detail. For more information, refer to the example tab in the
template.

  7. In the **Upload your spreadsheet** tab, browse to upload the relevant file. Click **Upload file**.

**Tip:** We recommend that you keep a backup copy of your completed template
so that you can use it later to make updates to your listings.

## Benefits of providing a List Price

Providing a List Price can help customers understand the value of your offer
when the List Price is displayed as a strikethrough price with discount
messaging; this may increase your sales on Amazon. For a List Price to
display, it must represent the price at which you or other retailers and
sellers have recently made substantial sales of the product in question, and
your offer must be lower than the List Price.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/List_Price_Help_Page_Image.jpg)  

## Monthly seller outreach for List Price

On a monthly basis, we automatically alert sellers via email to provide new
list prices for ASINs where list prices are missing or could not be validated.
The emails titled "Add or update a List Price to your listings" are a reminder
to update the List Price for your ASINs so that you can display discount
messaging to customers. All updates can be done in Seller Central.

**Note:** If you would like to offer a time-bound promotional discount on your
product, such as a percentage discount, buy one get one free, or free
shipping, you can use the [Promotions](/promotions/manage) tools. For more
information, go to [Amazon promotions](/gp/help/60951). You can also show
coupons on the detail page. For more information, go to [Create a
coupon](/gp/help/202189350).

