---
title: Singapore Goods and Services Tax (GST) frequently asked questions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNLQSJBH428VYL69
section: General Documentation
---

## Singapore GST collection on remote services provided to Singapore residents

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

Subject to certain conditions, Singapore government requires non-resident
companies to provide “ _remote services_ ” to collect Singapore GST on these
services when they are provided to Singapore residents or persons who are not
registered for GST. In this context, remote services provided by Amazon
include fees for Selling on Amazon (listing/referral services), subscription,
and Amazon Advertising.

Unless a seller has provided Amazon with its Singapore GST ID as evidence that
it is GST-registered in Singapore, the rule requires Amazon to collect and
remit Singapore GST at a standard rate of 8% on fees for remote services
charged to sellers who are residents of Singapore.

Singapore sellers who provide Amazon with their GST ID will not have GST of 8%
applied to their fees for remote service.

To provide Amazon with your Singapore GST ID:

  

  1. In Seller Central, click settings icon, and click **Account info**. 
  2. In the **Tax information** section, click **VAT information**. 
  3. Click **Add new VAT/GST registration number**. From the **Select country** drop-down menu, select **Singapore** add your 10-digit GST ID, for example, "XXXXXXXXXX".
  4. Select **I accept and acknowledge all conditions set out in the Tax registration agreement** checkbox and click **Save**. 

To learn more, or understand how this may affect your selling on Amazon
account, go to the Singapore Tax Office website.

## How does Singapore GST apply to my Selling account?

If you are a resident of Singapore, Selling on Amazon fees (listing or
referral services) and Amazon Advertising fees charged to your selling account
are subject to Singapore GST unless you are GST-registered and have provided
Amazon with a Singapore GST ID as evidence that you are GST-registered in
Singapore.

## I am no longer a resident of Singapore, and I have updated all my
information to reflect my current address. Can Amazon refund the Singapore GST
that was previously charged to my seller account?

Amazon is required to charge and remit Singapore GST based on the information
in your seller account. At the time the GST was calculated and collected,
Amazon had enough information to associate your account with a requirement to
charge and remit Singapore GST. Amazon cannot refund Singapore GST without a
valid Singapore GST ID on file.

**Note:** There may be several addresses and payment methods associated with
your seller account.

## How do I obtain a Singapore GST ID?

You may be eligible to register for a Singapore GST ID online by visiting your
local tax office website or consult your tax and legal adviser.

**Note:** We will charge you Singapore GST unless you are registered for GST
in Singapore and have provided your Singapore GST ID to Amazon.

##  **I am not a resident of Singapore, will Amazon charge my account
Singapore GST on fees?**

If you are not a resident of Singapore, Amazon’s service fees to you for
remote services will not be subject to Singapore GST collection. Consult your
tax advisor to help you understand if you have any GST obligations in
Singapore.

## How is Singapore GST Charged?

Amazon will charge Singapore sellers a standard rate of 8% GST on Selling on
Amazon fees and Amazon Advertising fees if the seller does not have a valid
Singapore GST ID on file as evidence that it is GST-registered.

## Why is Amazon continuing to collect Singapore GST when I have provided a
valid Singapore GST ID?

Amazon will not calculate and collect Singapore GST for remote services if you
have provided a valid Singapore GST as evidence that you are GST-registered in
Singapore.

Singapore GST is calculated at the time of the remote services being provided,
based on the information you provided at that time. For example, for Selling
on Amazon fees, the GST is calculated at the time a customer places an order
with you via Amazon. If you have not provided your Singapore GST ID to us at
this time, then Singapore GST would be calculated and collected on the service
fee.

## I updated my information to reflect my current address, which is outside
Singapore. Why is Amazon continuing to collect Singapore GST?

For remote services, Singapore GST is calculated at the time of service
provision, based on the information you have provided at that time. If the
information you provided at the time of service indicated you were a resident
of Singapore and you had not provided us with your Singapore GST ID, then
Singapore GST would have been calculated on the service fee.

In [Seller account information](/hz/sc/account-information), review each
section to ensure that all your information is complete and accurate.

**Note:** There may be several addresses and payment methods associated with
your seller account.

## How do I receive a refund for previously-charged Singapore GST on my seller
account?

You may request a refund for previously charged Singapore GST once you provide
Amazon with a valid Singapore GST ID as evidence that you are GST-registered
in Singapore at the time the remote services were provided to you.

To request a refund, provide your Singapore GST ID on Seller Central:

  

  1. Contact Amazon Selling Partner Support through the [Contact us](h/cu/contact-us) form.
  2. Choose **Selling on Amazon**. 
  3. Click **Other issue** s and then click **Tax Questions**. 
  4. Under **What are your tax questions** , request a refund of the Singapore GST charged to your seller account.

You will receive an update for your case when your request is processed. The
update will provide the estimated date of when you can expect to receive a
refund in your seller account if your request was approved.

## Will Amazon provide me with an invoice for any GST collected on Selling on
Amazon fees?

Amazon is not required to issue tax invoices under the Singapore legislation.
All monthly activity can be found in date range reports. To view these reports
on Seller Central go to **Reports** > **Payments** > **Date Range Reports** >
and select transactional report for a particular timeframe.

## Can Amazon help me with my tax return?

While we are committed to helping sellers, we do not provide tax advisory or
compliance services. Contact a tax advisor.

