---
title: Small Business products FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKSCZ5A9SEBFVQHG
section: General Documentation
---

## 1\. What is a Small Business in the Amazon store?

In the US, we follow [Gartner's definition of small
business](https://www.gartner.com/it-glossary/smbs-small-and-midsize-
businesses/). Small businesses are eligible for this badge if they are
registered with [Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/) or
participate in the Handmade program. The specific products that receive the
badge are from small business brands and artisans based in the US.

## 2\. What are the benefits of being identified as a Small Business in the
Amazon store?

The badge will indicate to customers that the products they are viewing are
from a Small Business. In addition, small businesses will have the opportunity
to be included in special events and promotions in the Amazon store.

## 3\. How do I know if my business is enrolled as a Small Business?

If your branded products have the Small Business badge on their product detail
page in the Amazon store where your business is based, this means that your
business is enrolled in the program.

## 4\. Is there a cost to be identified as a Small Business in the Amazon
store?

No, participation is completely free for eligible businesses.

## 5\. Are all my products enrolled in this program?

If your business meets the eligibility criteria to be identified as a Small
Business in the Amazon store, all products within your registered brands will
be enrolled.

## 6\. Can I remove products from my Small Business brand from participation
in this program?

At this time, we do not allow the exclusion of specific products. If you do
not want to participate, you may choose to have your business removed from the
program completely by contacting [Selling Partner Support](/gp/help/G541), it
may take up to two business days to reflect on the store.

## 7\. I believe my business qualifies, what is the process to confirm that I
own a brand-registered Small Business?

You can contact [Selling Partner Support](/gp/help/G541), provide the name of
your brand and company, business address, and your merchant token ID, and our
team will review your eligibility in the program. You can expect a reply
within 10 business days from your initial request.

## 8\. How long will my Small Business be included in this program?

As long as your business meets our eligibility criteria, products within your
brand will remain featured in the Amazon store where your business is based.

## 9\. I have selling accounts with Amazon in multiple countries. Will my
products be part of this program in all stores where my products are sold?

We will showcase the Small Business badge in the Amazon store where your
business is based.

## 10\. How can I report a potential error, such as a large business that is
mistakenly identified as a SmallBusiness?

You can contact [Selling Partner Support](/gp/help/G541) and report the
business in question, and we will investigate.

## 11\. I am not a brand owner. Will you allow my products to be enrolled in
the program?

The current feature is limited to small businesses that are enrolled in Brand
Registry or participate in the Amazon Handmade program. If you own your own
small business brand and meet the eligibility criteria, register your brand
with [Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/) to participate.

After registration, you can contact [Selling Partner Support](/gp/help/G541),
provide the name of your brand and company, your business address, and your
merchant token ID, and our team will conduct a separate assessment to confirm
that your business qualifies. You can expect a reply within 10 business days
from your initial request.

## 12\. Why do I need to enroll my brand with Amazon Brand Registry to benefit
from the Small Business badge program since I am a small business brand owner
according to my country's definition?

Amazon Brand Registry is a free service that provides brand owners with active
registered trademarks access to a set of powerful tools that help them manage
and protect their brands and intellectual property rights. To contact the
Amazon Brand Registry team regarding enrollment, click
[here](https://www.amazon-brand-registry.com/contact_us). Our specialists in
the Brand Registry support team are standing by to help on issues related to
protecting your brand on Amazon.

## 13\. What products are shown to customers in the Small Business
recommendation widget on homepage?

Customers will be provided with recommendations on products from Small
Business brands related to other products they previously viewed.

##  14. What is the Small Business Search filter and where can I find it?

The Small Business Search filter helps customers filter their searches and
discover products from small business brands and artisans in Amazon's store.
The new filter can be found on the Search page in the refinement category
under Business type in the left-navigation panel.

##  15. How does the filter work?

When customers want to refine their search to shop products from small
business brands and artisans, they are able to select the ‘Small Business’
Search filter in the refinement category under Business type on the left-
navigation panel on the Search page. For mobile users, when the customer
clicks the filter component on the right, they will either see the bottom
drawer or full screen filtering option

##  16. Which products are eligible for the Small Business Search filter?

The Small Business Search filter is automatically applicable to all products
with the Small Business badge. For more information on eligibility criteria to
be identified as a Small Business in Amazon store, refer to Small Business
products FAQ above.

##  17. Can my products be excluded from the Small Business Search filter?

Yes. All products with the Small Business badge surface once customers select
the filter. If you would like your product to be excluded from Small Business
Search filter, you can request removal of the Small Business badge by
contacting Selling Partner Support.

##  18. Under what circumstances will the Small Business Search filter will
not appear as an option?

The filter does not appear if there are no available products with the Small
Business badge that match the customer’s search query.

##  19. What happens if a customer selects more than one filter in the left-
hand navigation panel?

It is possible to stack multiple filters if there are buyable products that
meet all of the selected filters’ conditions. For example, if a customer
selects the Small Business filter and the Prime filter, the customer will see
products that meet both conditions.

##  20. Which countries is this filter available in?

The Small Business filter, which can be found under the Business Type
refinement within the Search filter options, is available in the United
States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Netherlands,
Brazil, Japan, and Mexico.

