---
title: State pesticide registration
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPTP4H6LKXXUDTZF
section: General Documentation
---

In addition to the federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) requirements
on the sale of pesticides in the United States, additional requirements apply
for sales on certain pesticides products at the state level. All 50 states and
the District of Columbia require registration of certain pesticides prior to
sale.

Amazon checks state registration information for pesticide products to confirm
whether they are registered in all states and the District of Columbia.
Pesticide products that require registration and are not active in the state’s
registration database cannot be sold in the applicable geography.

To register products with the applicable states, consult the [State Pesticide
Regulatory Agencies](http://npic.orst.edu/reg/state_agencies.html) from the
National Pesticide Information Center.

**Note:** A pesticide exempted from federal registration under FIFRA like
Minimum Risk Pesticides can still require state registration in applicable
states.

## Washington State disposable wipes

Washington State prohibits the sale of all premoistened wipes marketed as
disposable without the "Do Not Flush" symbol on the display panel of the
packaging. This prohibition includes FIFRA regulated sanitizing, sterilizing,
and disinfecting premoistened household and multi-purpose wipes that are
marketed as or intended to be disposable. Wipes that do not have the "Do Not
Flush" symbol on the display panel of the packaging will not be available for
sale in the state of Washington.

**Note:** This prohibition does not affect wipes marketed as or intended to be
disposable that are labeled "flushable", "sewer safe", "septic safe", or
otherwise indicating that the product can be disposed of in a toilet.

For more information, go to the following resources:

  * [Washington State Legislature Disposable Wipes Products–Labeling Standards](https://app.leg.wa.gov/RCW/default.aspx?cite=70A.525&full=true)
  * [State Regulation of Minimum Risk Pesticides | US EPA](https://www.epa.gov/minimum-risk-pesticides/state-regulation-minimum-risk-pesticides)
  * [Pesticide Registration | US EPA](https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration)

