---
title: Stranded inventory overview
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201436600
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** The [Inventory
Dashboard](/inventoryplanning/dashboard?ref=fbacentral_nav_fba) is being
replaced with the new [FBA Dashboard](/fba/dashboard/). The content in this
help page will no longer be updated. Go to [FBA
Dashboard](/gp/help/GPDFH32J7DYNM378) to learn more about the new tool.

Stranded inventory is FBA inventory in fulfillment centers that does not have
an associated active offer and thus is not available for sale on Amazon. When
inventory is stranded, it requires either reactivating the listing or removing
inventory.

When you delete or close a listing, or change it from **Fulfilled by Amazon**
to **Fulfilled by Merchant** , it might strand your inventory. Product listing
issues, infringement concerns, or system errors can also result in stranded
inventory.

For a complete list of reasons for stranded inventory, refer to the **How to
resolve stranded inventory** table in [Resolve stranded inventory
issues](/gp/help/GEYJTVJPWRYUTADQ). For a breakdown of units in stranded
status, see [Stranded inventory report](/gp/help/G201835130).

**Note:** If you have units of an ASIN stranded in the fulfillment center, do
not send additional inventory of that ASIN to Amazon. If you add an ASIN with
stranded inventory to your shipment, you will receive an alert and your
shipment will not be processed.

Amazon will notify you about stranded inventory in three ways:

  * By email
  * On [Fix Stranded Inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory)
  * Under **Fix stranded inventory** in the **Notification** section of your [Inventory Dashboard](/inventoryplanning/dashboard)

**Note:** If you address the cause for the stranded inventory yourself, please
allow 24 hours for the updates to reflect in your stranded inventory.

**Note:** You may find Stranded inventory of merchant SKU
Amazon.Found.Bxxxxxxxxx in your account. When your product is not labeled
correctly, it is received as non-labeled inventory for the same ASIN. The non-
labeled inventory for the same ASIN will appear in your Stranded inventory
with merchant SKU as Amazon.Found.Bxxxxxxxxx. Additionally, if you ship a
different product than what we expected to receive, and it is not the same
ASIN, the received product is assigned to you as merchant SKU
Amazon.Found.Bxxxxxxxxx. These items can be made available for sale to
customers once you fix the stranded inventory reason for these SKUs by
creating a listing for the Amazon.Found.Bxxxxxxxxx merchant SKU. If you do not
create a listing for the inventory, it will be removed from our fulfillment
centers based on auto-removal settings. If you create a listing for the
“Amazon.Found.Bxxxxxxxxx” merchant SKU, your inventory for this merchant SKU
will be subject to virtual tracking. Rest of your labeled inventory is not
affected.

How to fix your Amazon Stranded Inventory:

