---
title: Strategic Account Services Account Management Program Terms
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G88G864Q9ZFM5KSB
section: General Documentation
---

These Strategic Account Services Account Management Program Terms ("**Terms**
") supplement your "**S****eller Agreement** ," including the [Amazon Services
Business Solutions
Agreement](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G1791).

## Eligibility

Application is required to participate in Strategic Account Services Account
Management Program ("**Program** ").

Sellers must have an active Professional Selling Account in the Amazon.com
store with active offers to receive services. Amazon reserves the right to
determine seller eligibility based on additional factors including, but not
limited to, account health status, product categories, and sales history. The
Program is recommended for sellers who opened their Professional Selling
Accounts more than 12 months ago.

## Program Benefits

If you enroll in the Program, you will have the support of one or more Amazon
account managers who will provide business guidance and you may gain access to
tools and processes that may result in recommendations for how to more
effectively sell in the Amazon store.  
  
 You will receive access to training materials and resources for topics such
as merchandising and branding your products in the Amazon store. Your
participation in merchandising opportunities and other programs is subject to
availability and Amazonâ€™s approval and some opportunities may require
additional fees. Participation in the Program does not guarantee access to
merchandising opportunities or other programs.

## Program fees

The monthly fee for participation in the Program will depend on your "**Total
Monthly Revenue** ," which is the sales revenue for all products you have sold
to customers in the Amazon store for the previous calendar month, plus
applicable taxes, excluding shipping and returns. The monthly fee for
participation in the Program is $1,600 plus 0.3% of your Total Monthly Revenue
("**Program**** ****Participation Fee** "), not including taxes. The Program
Participation Fee is capped at $5,000 per month for sellers with less than $50
million in Ordered Product Sales in the Amazon store in the previous calendar
year and capped at $7,500 per month for sellers with Ordered Product Sales
greater than or equal to $50 million in the Amazon store in the previous
calendar year.

Amazon will calculate your Total Monthly Revenue and your Program
Participation Fee every month. The Program Participation Fee will be payable
by the fifth of each month for your participation in the Program for that
month. You authorize Amazon to (a) offset any Program Participation Fees that
are payable by you to Amazon against any payments Amazon may make to you or
amounts Amazon may owe you, or (b) charge Your Credit Card or any other
payment instrument you provide to Amazon.

There is a minimum commitment of 3 months starting from the date of your
enrollment ("**Minimum Term** ") and your enrollment will continue until you
cancel. You may cancel your participation in the program at any time via
[Seller
Central](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/premiumServices/hub/ref=xx_sppshb_dnav_xx).
Upon cancellation, you will receive services through the end of the month in
which you cancel. However, if you cancel during the Minimum Term, you will be
assessed the Program Participation Fee and will receive services for the
duration of the Minimum Term.

No refunds will be issued for past Program Participation Fees.

This section will survive the termination or expiration of your [seller
agreement](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G1791).

## Additional Terms

Amazon may alter, suspend or terminate any feature of SAS in accordance with
your seller agreement. Amazon may suspend or terminate your enrollment in the
program for convenience with 30 days' advance notice. However, Amazon may
suspend or terminate your enrollment in the program immediately if Amazon
determines that you have violated these Terms, the Seller Agreement, or any
other Amazon policies; or that you have mistreated any Amazon employee, which
is considered a violation of the Seller Code of Conduct. If Amazon terminates
your participation in SAS, you will no longer be responsible for paying future
SAS Participation Fees, including if Amazon terminates your participation
during the SAS Minimum Term.

