---
title: Subscribe & Save selection management
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201958650
section: General Documentation
---

For the Subscribe & Save program, use the [Manage Products page](/sns/manage)
to do the following:

  * Review your Subscribe & Save products
  * Set preferences for discount funding and automatic enrollment
  * View subscriptions for enrolled products
  * Review your send and replenish inventory

For more information about the program, go to [Subscribe & Save for
sellers](/gp/help/G201620110).

## Product enrollment

Eligible products are automatically enrolled in Subscribe & Save at the
**default enrollment discount** that you’ve selected on [Manage
Products](/sns/manage) (0% by default). We’ll also fund an additional 5%
tiered discount for customers who have five or more Subscribe & Save
subscription orders that are scheduled to arrive on the same delivery day (for
example, the 1st of the month).

**Note:** Update your default enrollment discount to 5% or 10% to save time on
future enrollments and to acquire subscribers at a higher rate right from day
one. To do so, go to [Manage Products](/sns/manage) and click **Change default
enrollment discount** at the top of the page. If you previously set a default
discount for Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) Subscribe & Save products, starting
June 27, 2024, that setting will also apply to seller-fulfilled selection
enrolled in the program.

For FBA selection, use the self-service product eligibility tool on [Manage
Products](/sns/manage) to understand why your products have not been
automatically enrolled. If you believe this assessment is incorrect or if you
want to inquire about eligibility for seller-fulfilled selection, you can get
support on the [Get Help page](/help/center).  You must provide the following
information when describing your issue:

  * Marketplace ID
  * Merchant ID or seller ID
  * ASIN
  * SKU

To enable automatic enrollment, go to [Manage Products](/sns/manage).

## Transfer subscription requests

To transfer subscriptions for a Subscribe & Save offer to a new SKU under the
same ASIN, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to [Manage Products](/sns/manage).
  2. Click **Actions** next to the product with the subscriptions that you want to transfer.
  3. Select **Request to transfer subscriptions** to process this request through a self-service tool. 
  4. Choose the new SKU from the list, then click **Submit**.

Allow up to 72 hours for a successful transfer to be reflected on the Manage
Products page.

To request other types of Subscribe & Save subscription transfers (for
example, transfers across ASINs or seller accounts), contact your Amazon
account manager or get support on the [Get help page](/help/center). You must
provide the following information:

  * Serial number
  * Existing merchant token
  * Existing ASIN
  * Existing SKU
  * New merchant token
  * New ASIN
  * New SKU

If a Subscribe & Save offer is unavailable (for example, out of stock) for
more than 7 days, we'll automatically transfer associated subscriptions to an
identical and available Subscribe & Save offer with the same seller. This
affects sellers who have opted in to automatic enrollment for Subscribe &
Save.

## Product removal requests

When you submit a removal request, and there is no suitable replacement or
substitute provided, we'll cancel all customer Subscribe & Save subscriptions
of the requested product.

To remove a product from the Subscribe & Save program, go to [Manage
Products](/sns/manage) and select **Remove product** in the **Action** drop-
down menu.

## Forecasting and performance reporting

You can use the [Subscribe & Save Forecasting
report](/gp/ssof/reports/search.html?recordType=SnSForecasting) to calculate
how many units will be required to fulfill subscriptions for any Subscribe &
Save offer up to eight weeks in advance. Use the [Subscribe & Save Performance
report](/gp/ssof/reports/search.html?recordType=SnSPerformance) to review
information such as how many program products have shipped and the percentage
of orders that were missed due to a lack of inventory.

For more information, go to the following help pages:

[Subscribe & Save Performance report](/gp/help/201711700)

[Subscribe & Save Forecasting report](/gp/help/201711710)

