---
title: Subscribe & Save for sellers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201620110
section: General Documentation
---

Subscribe & Save lets Amazon customers and Amazon Business customers sign up
for recurring, scheduled deliveries of products that they use frequently.

Subscribers get a base discount on their deliveries, which is funded by you as
the seller. Customers who have five or more Subscribe & Save subscription
orders that are scheduled to arrive on the same delivery day reach **tiered
status** , which unlocks additional savings on all products in their delivery.
To learn more, review the **How base discounts and tiered status work**
section below.

By participating in Subscribe & Save, you agree to the [program’s terms and
conditions](/gp/help/201620160). View eligibility and seller-funding
requirements below for more details.

##  Eligibility requirements

To participate in the program, you must have a selling account in good
standing and be a brand owner. For information on registering brands, go to
[Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/).

If the option to enable Subscribe & Save does not appear in your settings and
you believe that you have eligible, replenishable items, contact [Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub/support).

Amazon uses the following criteria to determine product eligibility.

  * Trailing 28 days in-stock rate is greater than 90%
  * Not in a restricted product category
  * Average selling price is less than $200
  * Offer is buyable

In addition to product eligibility, an offer must meet the following criteria
for at least a period of three consecutive months to be eligible for the
program:

  * Free domestic shipping 
  * Valid tracking rate greater than 95%
  * Order defect rate less than 1%
  * Pre-fulfillment cancel rate less than 2.5%
  * Delivery estimate accuracy greater than 93.5%
  * Late shipment rate less than 4%
  * Average delivery promise for domestic shipments fewer than 5 days

**Note:** Eligible, replenishable products will be automatically enrolled in
Subscribe & Save at the **default enrollment discount** that you’ve selected
on [Manage Products](/sns/manage) (0% by default). Amazon will fund the 5%
tier discount. You can opt out of automatic enrollment at any time by clicking
**Opt out of automatic enrollment** on [Manage Products](/sns/manage).

For more information on product enrollments, removals, and subscription
transfers, go to [Subscribe & Save selection
management](/help/hub/reference/201958650).

## Disqualification from the program

Seller performance reviews are ongoing in order to ensure a positive Amazon
customer experience. When evaluating performance, we consider criteria such as
your ability to maintain sufficiently high inventory levels to meet subscriber
demand, customer feedback, Subscribe & Save order cancellations, and delivery
performance.

Products that fail to meet this minimum bar post enrollment will be removed
from the program and customer subscriptions will be canceled. Poor performance
metrics overall may also affect your ability to participate in the program.

## Seller-funding requirements

You can choose from three base funding options: 0%, 5%, or 10%. Subscribers
who receive five or more subscriptions in a delivery reach tiered status, and
Amazon will fund an additional 5% discount. You can update funding and manage
your selection on [Manage Products](/sns/manage).

##  How base discounts and tiered status work

The base discount and funding information below applies to all subscriptions
created after November 5, 2019. Five or more subscriptions in a delivery
unlocks tiered status, meaning additional savings for customers.

**Seller funded at 0%**

Four subscribed products scheduled for the same delivery date earn customers
no discount. Five or more subscriptions on the same delivery date earns a 5%
discount (funded by Amazon)).

**Seller funded at 5%**

Four subscribed products scheduled for the same delivery date earn customers a
5% discount. Five or more subscriptions on the same delivery date earns a 5%
discount (funded by you), plus an additional 5% discount (funded by
Amazon)—unlocking customer savings of 10%.

**Seller funded at 10%**

Four subscribed products scheduled for the same delivery date earns customers
a 10% discount. Five or more subscriptions on the same delivery date earns a
10% discount (funded by you), plus an additional 5% discount (funded by
Amazon)—unlocking customer savings of 15%.

Discount funding requirements for subscriptions created before November 5,
2019 may differ. Seller coupons and promotional discounts are added to
Subscribe & Save discounts. For example, if you run an [Amazon
Deal](/help/hub/reference/202111490) on a product in Subscribe & Save, the
program discount will apply in addition to the deal price.

## Order fulfillment and cancellation

Customer orders for Subscribe & Save products may be allocated at Amazon's
discretion to one or more sellers. Your participation in the program does not
guarantee that any Subscribe & Save order will be placed with you.

Customers may cancel Subscribe & Save subscriptions at any time. To meet
customer expectations for Subscribe & Save, your deliveries may be paused for
either of the following reasons:

  * You do not have enough inventory to fulfill upcoming orders.
  * There is a lower priced offer available for the ASIN. 

To resume deliveries for your subscriptions, send inventory to Amazon or
update your price on the Manage Inventory page.

##  Seller business performance metrics

You can go to [Manage Products](/sns/manage) to access your Performance
dashboard and to review the following metrics for weekly, monthly, quarterly,
and yearly time frames:

  * **Shipped units:** The number of units for shipped subscription orders over a given time period.
  * **Subscribe & Save sales:** The sum of your sales from shipped Subscribe & Save orders over a given time period. 
  * **Subscriptions count:** The number of subscriptions that are active at the end of the time period.
  * **Not delivered due to out of stock** : The percentage of scheduled Subscribe & Save units that were not delivered because the ASINs were out of stock. 
  * **Lost sales due to out of stock:** The sum of incremental sales that could have been generated if your products were not out of stock.
  * **Average spend per customer:** A comparison of your average sales from subscribers versus non-subscribers (via one-time purchases). 
  * **Planned units:** The number of units for orders expected to ship for your active subscriptions in the upcoming 30, 60, or 90 days.
  * **Planned sales:** The sum of your sales from orders expected to ship for your active subscriptions in the upcoming 30, 60, or 90 days. 

**Note:** Planned sales and planned units are estimated projections, not a
guarantee of future sales.

You can also get these performance metrics at the ASIN level by using the
search option on the dashboard. You can search up to 20 ASINs at a time.

## Additional resources

  * [Manage Products](/sns/manage)
  * [Performance report](/gp/ssof/reports/search.html#orderAscending=&recordType=SnSPerformance)
  * [Forecasting report](/gp/ssof/reports/search.html#orderAscending=&recordType=SnSForecasting)

