---
title: Tax policies
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200405820
section: General Documentation
---

**Responsibility for Taxes**

You are responsible for identifying your Tax obligations in addition to the
calculation, remittance, and reporting of all taxes within your obligation,
regardless of your participation in Amazon’s Tax Calculation Service.

  * In some circumstances, Amazon may, consistent with the applicable law, calculate, collect, and remit (as Amazon) applicable national, state, or local sales and use taxes, goods, and services taxes (GST), or value added taxes (VAT) (collectively “**Taxes** ”) on orders destined to specific locations. For more information about these specific locations, see [Marketplace Withheld Tax](/gp/help/GTZG36WJ2TZYLH2F).
  * Amazon offers an optional Tax Calculation Service for Professional sellers to calculate Taxes and other transaction-based charges on orders destined to non-Marketplace Tax Collection jurisdictions within your elected country. Amazon expressly agrees to remit to you (with your earnings disbursement) Taxes calculated in connection with your use of Amazon’s Tax Calculation Services, for you to remit to the appropriate tax authority. For more information, see [Tax Calculation Services](/gp/help/G200787660).
  * Amazon does not report or remit Taxes to any government on behalf of any seller. Sellers remain responsible for any ongoing remittance and/or reporting requirements they may have in connection with Marketplace Withheld Tax or Amazon’s Tax Calculation Service.

Except as otherwise provided in the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](/gp/help/G1791) (the “Agreement”), you agree that Amazon is not
obligated to determine your tax obligation, whether taxes apply, and Amazon
will not be responsible to calculate, collect, report, or remit any seller
obligated taxes arising from any transaction. However, if a taxing authority
requires us to pay any of your taxes, you will promptly reimburse us for the
amount paid.

**Taxes on Fees and Payments**

Any and all fees payable by you pursuant to this Agreement are exclusive of
all taxes, and you will pay any taxes that are imposed and payable on such
amounts. All payments made by you to Amazon under this Agreement will be made
free and clear of any deduction or withholding (including but not limited to
cross-border withholding taxes), as may be required by law. If any such
deduction or withholding is required on any payment, you will pay such
additional amounts, as are necessary so that the net amount received by Amazon
is equal to the amount then due and payable under this Agreement.

**Shipping Products Internationally**

When fulfilling product from a country outside the order origin country
(elected country), you are the importer of goods to the elected country and
responsible for the payment of all import duties, taxes, and custom fees
(collectively “**Customs Fees** ”). If you fulfill product to an address
outside your elected country, generally, you are considered the exporter and
the buyer is considered the importer. The seller is responsible for export
Customs Fees (if any) and the buyer is responsible for any import Customs Fees
related to their purchase. Customs Fees paid by any party (if any) are in
addition to the sales proceeds collected by Amazon. For more additional
information about shipping products internationally, see [Important
information for international sellers](/gp/help/G200404870).

