---
title: The order process
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200200040
section: General Documentation
---

When a buyer adds your product to their shopping cart and checks out, an order
is placed. At this time, you can‘t add additional products to the order
anymore. If the buyer requests to do so, you can instruct them to place a
separate order for the product. After a buyer places an order, Amazon
processes their order following these steps:  

  1. Amazon places the order in **Pending** status. The quantity available for the listing is subtracted from your quantity in **Manage Inventory**. If there was a quantity of one at the time the order was placed, the listing will be removed from the Amazon offer page and appear in **Manage Inventory** with a quantity of zero while the order is being processed.

**Note:** Pending orders will not appear in either the **Orders** report or
the **Unshipped Orders** report and will be grayed out (non-actionable) in
**Manage Orders**. For more information, go to [Pending
Orders](/help/hub/reference/G40571). Amazon holds all orders for 30 minutes,
which gives buyers an opportunity to cancel orders. Buyer-canceled orders will
appear in **Manage Orders** as canceled, and will be grayed out.

  2. Amazon verifies the order. Amazon attempts to validate the buyer's payment method and order details. At this stage, you will see one of three different status types in **Manage Orders** :

     * Unshipped

Payment verification is successful. See step 3.

     * Pending

Payment verification is initially unsuccessful or extended. In some cases, our
payment and order detail verification processes may extend order processing
times, potentially for as long as 21 days. Pending orders should not be
shipped, even if the buyer contacts you directly. If a buyer contacts you
while an order is in **Pending** status, refer them to Amazon Customer Service
for more information.

     * Canceled

An order gets canceled by Amazon if payment authorization does not succeed or
in cases of fraud. Amazon will not notify you when an order is canceled, other
than recording the order as canceled in **Manage Orders**. No further action
is necessary. If a buyer contacts you about a canceled order and you still
have available inventory, you can invite them to place a new order on Amazon.

  3. When payment is verified on an order, Amazon does the following:  

    1. Changes the status to **Unshipped**
    2. Sends an order confirmation to the buyer with the estimated delivery date
    3. Sends an order notification to you

**Note:** Do not rely solely on email notifications for order confirmation.
Check **Manage Orders** or the **Orders** reports for unshipped orders at
least once a day.

If an order is delayed because of Amazon's processes, we will provide the
buyer with a new delivery date based on the date the order is released from
Pending status.

  4. You process the order. Once an order is in **Unshipped** status, you must either fulfill or cancel the order. Keep in mind that buyers can leave feedback on seller-canceled orders. Amazon expects sellers to maintain accurate inventory levels. Failure to adjust your inventory in a timely manner can lead to excessive pre-fulfillment order cancellations. For information on how we factor canceled orders into your overall performance, see [Cancellation Rate](/help/hub/reference/G200285210).

Get the delivery address in one of these locations:

     * The **Order Details** page
     * The **Orders** report
     * The **Unshipped Orders** report

**Note:** To protect confidential buyer information, Amazon does not include
the buyer’s delivery address in the **Sold, Ship Now** email sent to you.

  

    1. Ship the order to the buyer using the delivery address.

In case the buyer asks to ship an order to a different address, the way you
handle the situation depends on whether you have shipped the order. If you
have not yet shipped the order, request the buyer to cancel the order. The
buyer can then return to Amazon to place a new order using the correct
address. If you have already shipped the order to the address provided with
the order, consider the following solutions:

       * Contact the shipping provider to see if you can retrieve the package. 
       * Attempt to contact the current resident at the shipping address where you sent the package to or ask the buyer to do so. The current resident may be willing to refuse delivery or forward the package to the buyer.
       * If the item is not returned to you or forwarded to the buyer, then the decision to issue a refund is up to you. You have the option of providing a partial refund minus your shipping costs.
For future orders, consider using package tracking or purchasing insurance
from your shipping carrier if you are concerned about absorbing the cost of a
lost shipment.

**Note:** Only ship orders that you can verify as **Unshipped** in **Manage
Orders** or through the reports. You cannot wait until the money is in your
checking account to ship the order. The settlement period for the payment
received from an order will begin after you confirm shipment of the order and
the buyer is charged.

    2. Confirm shipment using one of the following methods:
       * From **Manage Orders** , click **Confirm Shipment** and complete the required information.
       * Upload a **Shipping Confirmation** file for multiple orders (only available to sellers with Professional selling plans). For more information, see [How to confirm a shipment](/help/hub/reference/G200197960) or [Confirm multiple shipments with feeds](/help/hub/reference/G641).

**Note:** You must confirm shipment of the order with Amazon within 7 days of
the ship date. Otherwise, Amazon will automatically cancel the order and you
will not be paid even if you shipped the order. One week before the 7-day
cutoff, you will see a warning in **Manage Orders** ("Confirm as shipped by
[date] to avoid cancellation"), and you will receive a notification by email.

To learn how to handle the situations when buyers want to return or cancel an
order, refer to [Manage seller-fulfilled
returns](/help/hub/reference/G200708210) or [Order
cancellations](/help/hub/reference/G201722390).

