---
title: Third-party financing providers for Amazon Lending
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPQQ2VAVEHREQYGL
section: General Documentation
---

To help you grow your business on Amazon, we partner with third-party
providers that may be able to provide business financing options if your
business meets specific requirements.

## US third-party financing providers

Third-party financing providers participate in the Amazon Lending program in
the US. The products that they provide, listed below, are available by
invitation:

  * [Lendistry](/gp/help/GJRZPQMZ2SU88PLG): term loan
  * [Parafin](/gp/help/GMV2LKYBKMYKN5X9): merchant cash advance
  * [SellersFi](/gp/help/GE94E7Z8TR5K7D5R): line of credit, term loan
  * [Uncapped](/gp/help/G5HRD8AZGHWGYC9V): term loan

## Business financing options

Financing options are available only to sellers who meet the criteria that are
determined by the third-party providers. If your business is eligible, you can
view your available options when you sign in to your Seller Central account.

## Financing product agreement

The agreement for the financing product will be signed directly with the
third-party provider. Amazon will not be a party to such agreement.

## Applying for multiple financing options

If you have multiple financing invitations available, your business can apply
for more than one if they are from different providers. However, if approved,
you can only accept an offer from a single third-party provider. Once you
accept an offer, you won’t be able to move forward with any applications that
are in progress with other third-party financial providers.

If you have active financing and would like to apply for an additional
product, you might need to first close your existing financing by completing
all payments, and then you may become eligible to apply for other financing
solutions.

## Locking a bank account

The third-party provider may require you to lock the bank account that you
have on file with Amazon. Once the account is locked, the provider verifies if
it matches what you provided in your application.

To lock the account, go to the approved application in Seller Central by
referring to the section labeled **Applications in progress**. Click **Lock
account** and follow the steps that appear onscreen.

**Note:** This account will remain locked until the financing product is paid
in full and is closed. For any issues during this process, contact [amazon-
lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-lending@amazon.com).

## Unlocking a bank account

The account will be unlocked automatically once the third-party provider
confirms that the financing product has been paid in full. If the financing
product is closed but the bank account remains locked, send an email to
[amazon-lending@amazon.com](mailto:amazon-lending@amazon.com) with your
request to unlock it and a copy of the payoff letter from the third-party
provider stating that the account has been paid.

To update a linked bank account, refer to the details for each third-party
provider:

  * [Amazon Lending with Lendistry](/gp/help/GJRZPQMZ2SU88PLG)
  * [Amazon Lending withUncapped](/gp/help/G5HRD8AZGHWGYC9V)
  * [Amazon Lending with Parafin](/gp/help/GJRZPQMZ2SU88PLG)
  * [Amazon Lending with SellersFi](/gp/help/GE94E7Z8TR5K7D5R)

## Information for the application process

Since the financing product is offered by the third-party provider, the
provider determines what information it requires to process an application.

**Information that Amazon shares**

We won't share any personal information with third-party financing providers.
We ask for your explicit consent before sharing any data. We'll share your
business’s sales and performance data on Amazon.com with the third-party
provider after receiving your consent.

Before you're redirected to a third-party provider’s site to apply for
financing, you'll be asked in Seller Central whether you agree to share your
business’s sales data with the provider. If you don't want to share that data,
click **Cancel**. You won't proceed to the application page on the third-party
provider's site, and we won't share any data.

If you agree to share, we'll share your business’s sales data on Amazon.com
with the third-party provider. For more information, go to [Data share
FAQ](/lending/ph/data-sharing/us-us).

**Information that Amazon receives**

We do not ask the third-party providers for your personal information,
including your personal identity information, biggest shareholder, or
financing guarantor. We also do not ask for your contact information, such as
phone number, email, and address. To learn more about what information the
third-party provider will share with Amazon, go to [Data share
FAQ](/lending/ph/data-sharing/us-us).

## Questions about a current application or financing product

For questions related to Lendistry, call (888) 216-6445, Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern Time.

For questions related to Parafin, call (855) 558-5005, Monday through Friday,
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Pacific Time, or email
[help@parafin.com](mailto:help@parafin.com).

For questions related to SellersFi, call (888) 841-7175, Monday through
Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time, or email
[amazonus@sellersfi.com](mailto:amazonus@sellersfi.com).

For questions related to Uncapped, call (833) 784-7021, Monday through Friday,
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time, or email [amazon-
support@weareuncapped.com](mailto:amazon-support@weareuncapped.com).

For questions related to existing lines with Marcus by Goldman Sachs, call
Uncapped at (833) 784-7021, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern
Time.

