---
title: Track your shipments: Shipping Queue and shipment summary
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201022330
section: General Documentation
---

The Shipping Queue provides details on all the shipments that you’re working
on and that you’ve sent to Amazon. The shipment summary page provides details
on a specific shipment sent to Amazon.

##  Shipping Queue

To find the **Shipping Queue** , select **Shipments** from the **Inventory**
drop-down menu in Seller Central. The Shipping Queue has two tabs:

  * **Fulfillment center shipments:** This tab displays the status of all the shipments that you’ve created to send to Amazon fulfillment centers. To see the specifics for each shipment, including ship-to address and individual SKUs, on the right side of the page, click **Download SKU list** under the **Track shipment** or **Work on shipment** button, or go to the **Contents** tab on the shipment summary page. To cancel or delete a shipment, click the shipment name, or click **Work on shipment** or **Track shipment** , and then click **Cancel shipment** or **Delete shipment**. For more information about canceling shipments, go to [Send to Amazon: Change or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR). 
  * **Amazon distribution center shipments:** This tab includes shipments from any location to Amazon distribution centers. For more information, go to [Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/gp/help/GTPL7PGKU7WUKJSW).

## Shipment summary page

The **shipment summary** page provides details on a specific shipment, such as
shipment ID, ship method and carrier, **ship from** and **ship to** addresses,
contents, and estimated fee. This page can have up to five tabs:

  * **Shipment events:** This tab lets you track your shipments from creation to closure. You can see the sequence of the shipment’s statuses on one page, along with information about the shipment’s location. See the shipment events tab section below for details. 
  * **Track shipment:** On this tab, you’re required to enter your carrier’s tracking information for non-partnered carrier shipments, where available. Providing tracking information will reduce unnecessary delays at check-in. You can also see tracking details for small-parcel shipments. When you're shipping with an Amazon-partnered carrier, you can print the Amazon-provided bill of lading for your less-than-truckload (LTL) or full truckload (FTL) shipment. 

**Note:** If the truckload freight type was used for a small-parcel shipment,
Amazon won’t be able to show you details about the shipment’s location. You
may experience longer processing times by sending small-parcel shipments with
truckload freight.

  * **Contents:** This tab provides information on the number of units for which Amazon has confirmed receipt and how to reconcile units in your shipment. To learn more, go to [Reconcile your shipment](/gp/help/G201214140).
  * **Problems:** If there are any problems with your shipment, this tab will provide details at shipment, box, or product level, as well as the information about the actions you can take. To learn more, go to [Inbound performance feedback in Seller Central](/gp/help/KXFMU67GUD45GUZ).
  * **Pallets (for LTL/FTL shipments only):** This tab provides details on the pallets that you've sent to fulfillment centers.

## Shipment events tab

The **Shipment events** tab on the **shipment summary** page provides step-by-
step updates about shipments from creation to closing, giving you better
visibility into the status of your inventory. Here are descriptions of each
status and its requirements:

  * **Shipment created:** Your shipment has been created. This status includes two steps:
    * **Ready to ship:** All shipment details have been completed, units and boxes have been labeled, and your inventory is ready to hand off to the carrier.

**Note:** Your shipment status automatically updates to **Ready to ship** once
you print box labels for your small-parcel shipments or pallet labels for your
pallet shipments.

    * **Shipped:** The carrier has picked up your shipment, or you have dropped it off with the carrier. 

**Note:** The **Mark as shipped** button has been removed because we now use
tracking information to accurately update your shipment status. If you’re
using an Amazon-partnered carrier, your shipment status updates to **Shipped**
when the carrier picks it up. If you’re using a non-partnered carrier, your
shipment status updates to **Shipped** once you’ve entered valid tracking
information in the **Track shipment** tab of the **shipment summary** page or
the **Tracking details** step in the Send to Amazon workflow.

  * **Generate bill of lading:** This status applies only to LTL and FTL shipments sent with a partnered carrier. The carrier issues a bill of lading to acknowledge your agreement to tender your shipment. Bills of lading are needed to enable quick freight verification on delivery to the fulfillment center. A bill of lading will be generated no later than 8 a.m. local time on the day of pickup and will be emailed to the address that you listed as the contact person for the shipment. For more information, go to [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/201119120). 
  * **Pick up:** This status applies to LTL and FTL shipments sent with a partnered carrier and indicates that the carrier has picked up the shipment. Here you’ll see the latest pickup date. Be sure to give the bill of lading to the carrier during pickup. If the carrier is late, check here for the new pickup date. If the new pickup date is unavailable, contact the carrier directly using information on the bill of lading. For other issues, contact [Selling Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=header).
  * **Drop off:** This status applies only to LTL and FTL shipments sent from China. Either you or your carrier drop off your shipment at the Amazon loading point in China.
  * **In transit:** Amazon has received information from the carrier that your shipment is on its way. If you're shipping with an Amazon-partnered carrier, tracking information will be updated automatically. If you’re not using a partnered carrier, make sure your carrier schedules a delivery appointment with the fulfillment center. For more information, go to [Carrier requirements for delivering shipments](/gp/help/200978420). 
  * **Delivered:** Amazon has received information from the carrier that your shipment is ready for delivery, or that it was delivered to the fulfillment center facility yard but that the fulfillment center hasn't yet checked it in.

**Important:** For small-parcel shipments, it can take up to four days for
your shipment to move to **Checked in** status from your scheduled delivery
date. For LTL and FTL shipments, it can take up to 10 days. During the holiday
season, it may take longer. It’s not possible to change the shipment status
manually.

Occasionally, a shipment that has been delivered to the fulfillment center
will not display as **Delivered**. This can occur because of information
between the carrier and the fulfillment center not syncing.

  * **Checked in:** The trailer that your shipment is on has been moved from the facility yard to the dock door and is ready to be unloaded. Checked-in inventory has not yet been through the receiving process. 

**Important:** For small-parcel shipments, it can take up to four days to move
from **Checked in** status to **Receiving** status. For LTL and FTL shipments,
it can take up to 10 days. During the holiday season, it may take longer. It’s
not possible to change the shipment status manually.

  * **Receiving:** Amazon has started scanning your shipment ID labels. Units are available for sale as soon as they're received. However, because units may be sent to other fulfillment centers closer to customers, it can take up to 18 days for received units to be available for immediate shipping.

The date that your shipment becomes eligible for investigation will be shown
after all your boxes have been checked in. On or after this date, if there's
any issue with your shipment, it will be eligible for investigation.

For more information, go to [How Amazon receives and stores your
inventory](/gp/help/201081250) and [Inventory Ledger
report](/gp/help/G4FKT5KQWFFJ7LDN).

**Note:** Not adhering to Amazon's packaging, prep, or shipping requirements
may delay receiving. For more information, go to [Packaging and prep
requirements](/gp/help/G200141500), [Shipping and routing
requirements](/gp/help/200141510), and [Small-parcel delivery to
Amazon](/gp/help/200280260).

**Important:** Amazon cannot manually expedite the receiving progress for any
shipment. Your shipment might remain in **Receiving** status longer than you
expected because units may be sent to other fulfillment centers closer to
customers.

  * **Closed:** Amazon has either confirmed all units received in your shipment compared with your shipped quantity, or your shipment has been open for more than 45 days (domestic shipment) or 75 days (international shipment) since shipment creation, whichever is first. Amazon will continue to receive shipments that already have a confirmed dock appointment. You cannot ship additional units for a closed shipment. We strongly recommend that you send the full quantity in each shipment to Amazon as soon as possible after shipment creation.

## Shipment disruption email notifications

We’ll send an email notification if your shipment has experienced either a
delay in pickup or a disruption to delivery. Pickup disruption emails will
include the changes to the pickup date or time, carrier, SCAC code, ship mode,
and delivery destination (before pickup). Delivery disruption email
notifications will include changes in delivery date or time and delivery
destination.

To update your email preferences, select **Notification preferences** in the
settings drop-down menu and scroll down to **FBA inbound shipment status
notifications**. The pickup disruption notifications are sent to the email
address provided in the step four of the Send to Amazon workflow.

## More resources

[Inbound problem summary](/gp/help/G200893760)

[Reconcile your shipment](/gp/help/G201214140)

[Unplanned services](/gp/help/G201000230)

## Frequently asked questions

#### I can't find the "Marked as shipped" button. How can I let Amazon know
that a shipment has been shipped?

The **Mark as shipped** button has been removed because we now use tracking
information to accurately update the status of your shipments. If you’re using
the Amazon Partnered Carrier program or Amazon Global Logistics, we’ll track
your shipment and change its status to **Shipped** automatically.

If you’re not using one of those programs, provide the carrier name and
tracking information in the **Tracking details** step in the Send to Amazon
workflow or in the **Track shipment** tab of the shipment summary page. When
the shipment has been sent, the status will show as **Shipped** in the
Shipping Queue and on the shipment summary page.

#### How long does it take for my shipment to be available for sale?

You can track your shipment information in **Shipment events** tab on the
**shipment summary** page. It provides step-by-step updates about shipments
from creation to closing, giving you better visibility into the status of your
inventory.

#### I want to expedite the receiving progress for my shipment.

Amazon cannot manually expedite the receiving progress for any shipment. Your
shipment might remain in **Receiving** status longer than you expected because
units may be sent to other fulfillment centers closer to customers. Not
adhering to Amazon's packaging, prep, or shipping requirements may delay
receiving.

#### My shipment status isn’t correct. How can I change it?

Normally, the shipment status is updated automatically based on the tracking
information that is provided. Sometimes the status may not display as
expected, if signals between the carrier and Amazon’s system do not sync. It
may take up to 10 days for your shipment’s status to change to **Checked in**
after your scheduled delivery date.

