---
title: Troubleshooting suppressed and active Deals
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GKN9A84DGTYWYHWY
section: General Documentation
---

You can actively monitor your upcoming Deals from the [Manage
Deals](/merchandising#/dashboard/) page in the days leading up to the Deal
start date to ensure they continue to meet the [eligibility
requirements](/gp/help/202111490).

##  Troubleshoot suppressed deals

You will see a warning at the top of the **Manage Deals** page, if any of your
Deals become suppressed. Click **View these Deals** link in the warning to
locate the Deals that require your attention. You can also find your
suppressed Deals by filtering the Status filter to **Needs Attention** and
click **Edit** to open the Deal and view the specific changes that are needed.
Within the **Product Details** and **Pricing** section of your Deal, you’ll
find the fields outlined in red or a warning icon indicating the specific
error. Click the icon to get a brief description of the error.

**Note:** These errors must be resolved 25 hours before the scheduled start
time of the Deal to avoid cancellation.

## Types of errors and how to resolve them

Error | Description | Resolution  
---|---|---  
Deal Price Error | Deal price is higher than the Maximum Deal price. **Note:** The Maximum deal price takes into consideration recent prices as well as the lowest price from any seller with an offer on the product in New condition. For more information about reference prices, go to [Amazon Policy on Reference Prices](/help/hub/reference/G202170370). | Reduce your Deal price so that it meets or is lower than the Maximum Deal price.  
Quantity for Deal Error | Quantity for Deal is lower than the Minimum deal quantity. | Increase the Quantity for Deal so that it exceeds the Minimum Deal quantity or select "In-Stock" to allocate all available inventory to Deal. Once the quantity limit is reached, the deal will be suppressed on the ASIN and unable to be reinstated.  
  
##  Troubleshoot active deals

If a deal is active but you can’t find it in Amazon stores, follow these
steps.

  1. Confirm that the deal wasn’t canceled and still shows as active in the **Manage deals** section of the Deals dashboard.

  2. If the deal is active, go to the **Product detail** page for your product to confirm that it’s displaying a Deals Badge. 

  3. If you are still unable to find your active deal and cannot see a Deals Badge, then [contact Selling Partner Support](/cu/contact-us).

## Not all variations show up in my Deal

In some cases, deals with variations may continue to run even when certain
child variations fail to meet the Deal criteria. This would result in only the
eligible ASINs participating in the deal while the ineligible ASINs become
suppressed. However, if too many variations are suppressed then it could
result in the entire Deal becoming suppressed or canceled. If you find that
not all variations are showing up in your Deal, follow these steps:

  1. Open your Deal from the [Deals Dashboard](/merchandising/) to confirm if the missing variations are suppressed. If suppressed, review the errors and take the necessary steps to fix the suppression.

  2. Confirm that variations missing from your Deal have active offers and have not been changed to Inactive (Closed) within [Manage Inventory](/inventory/).

  3. Confirm that the missing variations are still assigned to the original parent ASIN from when the Deal was first created.

##  Deal does not show up on the Product Detail page

Running a Deal does not guarantee that you will win the Featured offer.

  1. If you do not find your Deal active on the **Product Detail** page, check if a different seller is the Featured Offer.

  2. Try lowering your Deal price to improve your chances of being the Featured Offer.

## Troubleshooting Technical Errors

If you receive the error message “A technical error occurred” when trying to
view your Deal then it’s possible that one or more of the SKUs or ASINs in the
Deal have a Status of “Inactive (Closed)” in [Manage Inventory](/inventory/).
Search for the SKU(s) participating in the **Manage Inventory** to determine
if any have a Status of Inactive (Closed). If so, click **Relist** so that the
SKU(s) is no longer listed as Inactive (Closed).

Another reason that a technical error can occur is if one or more SKUs or
ASINs in the deal were deleted entirely from your inventory. In [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/), search for the SKUs that are participating in the
deal to confirm that they still exist in your inventory. Add any SKU and ASIN
that was deleted, back into your inventory.

**Note:**

If the steps above do not resolve the technical error then you will need to
cancel the Deal experiencing the technical error and create a new Deal. You
can cancel Deals directly within the [Manage Deals](/merchandising-new) page
by clicking the **Edit** drop-down menu then **Cancel Deal**.

