---
title: Two-Step Verification
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202110760
section: General Documentation
---

## What is Two-Step Verification?

Two-Step Verification is an extra layer of security that is added when you use
your email address to access an account. When you log in to Seller Central,
first enter your standard login/password. Then a second code that we send to a
device that you choose via an SMS message, voice call, or an authenticator
app.

Two-Step Verification is required in order to access your Seller Central
account. It is your best protection against unauthorized access to your seller
account, even if your password gets stolen and especially if you use the same
password across multiple sites.

## How does Two-Step Verification work?

When you access an account with a login that has Two-Step Verification
enabled, you'll first enter your Seller Central user name and password like
you normally would. Then, you'll be prompted to enter a code. This code is
sent to the device that you choose during setup. Without access to that
device, any unauthorized users attempting to log in to your account will be
denied access.

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GV4ZPCDL7DDK598E_Global_en-US.png)

## What are the device requirements for Two-Step Verification?

When you first activate Two-Step Verification, you will need to designate two
different devices for receiving codes. One will be your primary method for
receiving codes and the other will serve as a backup if you lose access to the
primary device.

You can receive codes using the following options: An authenticator app, voice
call via mobile or landline phone, or via SMS. We recommend authenticator apps
because they are easy to use, don’t require access to a network, and are
readily available. They are free through app stores on personal computers, and
smart devices – including mobile phones and tablets. For more information, See
[Use an authenticator app for Two-Step
Verification](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G202110780).

You cannot use an authenticator app as both your primary and backup method.
You must choose an SMS or voice enabled phone as either your primary or backup
methods for receiving your code. The following table outlines both primary and
backup options available to you:

If your primary method for receiving your code is: | You must select one of the following as your backup method:  
---|---  
SMS-enabled phone (for text messages) | 

  * Different voice-enabled phone*
  * Different SMS-enabled phone*
  * Authenticator app

  
Voice-enabled phone (landline) | 

  * Different voice-enabled phone*
  * Different SMS-enabled phone*
  * Authenticator app

  
Authenticator app | 

  * SMS-enabled phone
  * Voice-enabled phone

  
If your primary method for receiving your code is: | You must select one of the following as your backup method:  
---|---  
Authenticator app (mobile) | 

  * SMS-text enabled phone (mobile)
  * Voice-enabled phone (landline or mobile)

  
SMS text-enabled phone (mobile) | 

  * Different voice-enabled phone (landline or mobile)*
  * Different SMS text-enabled phone (mobile)*
  * Authenticator app (mobile)

  
Voice-enabled phone (landline or mobile) | 

  * Different voice-enabled phone (landline or mobile)*
  * Different SMS text-enabled phone (mobile)
  * Authenticator app (mobile)

  
  
* You cannot use the same telephone number for both your primary and backup method for receiving codes.

Typically, you will only use your primary method for receiving codes. However,
if you don’t have access to your primary method or you are not receiving your
code, click **Didn’t receive the code?** to receive your code on your backup
method.

If you lose or change the phone number of your primary method for receiving
your code, update it in Seller Central once you have successfully logged in
using your backup method. To make changes to your primary and secondary
methods, you must have access to at least one of your devices. If you do not
have access to either your primary or secondary methods – See [Two-Step
Verification Account
Recovery](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?&nodeId=202073840).

## What if I don’t have a second phone number or a cell phone for Two-Step
Verification?

If you do not have a second phone number or are unable to download an
authenticator app, we recommend using the telephone number of a spouse, family
member, or friend for your backup method. Find someone whom you trust and has
a telephone number that you could be near if you lose access to your primary
method.

A mobile phone is not a requirement for Two-Step Verification. In addition to
using an authenticator app you can receive your code via a voice call to a
landline.

For more information on authenticator apps, see [Use an authenticator app for
Two-Step Verification](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G202110780).

## How do I enable Two-Step Verification?

If you are an existing Seller Central user who has not enabled Two-Step
Verification, you will be prompted to activate Two-Step Verification the next
time you log in to Seller Central. Click **Enable Two-Step Verification** and
follow the on-screen instructions.

You can also access the [Advanced Security
Settings](https://www.amazon.com/a/settings/approval) page from the Retail
site, which will take you through an identical experience.

  * Two-Step Verification is tied to the login you use to access your Amazon accounts. If you use the same login for both your Amazon buyer and seller accounts, this process will protect both of them.
  * If you haven’t already done so, Amazon recommends that you create individual logins with different email addresses, via [User Permissions](/gp/account-manager/home.html/ref=ag_userperms_cont_901), for everyone accessing your seller account. Not doing so could pose a security risk for you in the future and could cause loss of access to anyone else using that particular login. See the Help topic [Set user permissions](/gp/help/G901) for more information.
  * If you already have individual seller logins for each user accessing your seller account, each account will need to enable Two-Step Verification separately.

For a step-by-step guide on enabling Two-Step Verification, see [How to enable
Two-Step Verification](/gp/help/GSWPS4GPEPMXZ98R).

## Do I always need to enter my Two-Step Verification code when I log in to my
account?

After you have successfully accessed your account through the Two-Step
Verification process, you can simplify future logins on computers and devices
that you routinely use.

The next time you enter your code on your computer or device, tell us not to
ask for a code on that device in the future by selecting **Don't ask for codes
on this device**.

**Note:** This setting might reset itself for a number of reasons beyond
Amazon’s control, so we’ll be unable to help you with any issues that you
might experience. However, the following are known actions that may interfere
with this feature:

  * Setting your browser to block the use of cookies
  * Clearing your cache or deleting cookies (check your web browser settings)
  * Updates to your PC, device, or apps on your device, including your web browsers
  * Accessing Seller Central from a web browser than the one you used to add your trusted device
  * Using a browser toolbar that affects browser settings
  * Using anonymous browser mode or programs that obscure identity, including the use of proxy and VPN servers
  * If you’ve used the seller mobile app, logging out of it might reset the trusted device status on your mobile device
  * Accessing Seller Central from different locations or networks (LAN, WAN, WLAN), or changes to your IP address

Having multiple users who use the same login credentials may increase these
occurrences. Make sure that each person accessing your account has their own
login credentials. See [Set and edit user permissions](/gp/help/G901) for more
information.

**Note:** You can access your Advanced Security Settings at any time to
identify the number of devices that are “trusted” for your login. Here, you
can clear this setting for ALL devices by selecting **Require codes on all
devices**. We don’t have the ability to clear the setting on specific devices;
however, once all devices have been cleared, you can choose **Don’t ask for
codes on this device** option upon your next login.

