---
title: Two-Step Verification FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202153510
section: General Documentation
---

#### How do I enable two-step verification?

You’ll be prompted to activate two-step verification the next time you login.
Click **“Enable two-step verification”** and follow the on-screen
instructions. You can also access it from the Amazon store when you go to
[Advanced Security Settings](https://www.amazon.com/a/settings/approval).

  * Two-step verification is tied to the login you use to access your Amazon accounts. If you use the same login for both your Amazon buyer and seller accounts, this process will protect both of them.
  * Amazon recommends that you create individual logins with different email addresses, via [User Permissions](/gp/account-manager/home.html), for everyone who accesses your seller account. Not doing so could pose a security risk for you and could cause loss of access to anyone else using that particular login. For more information, go to [Set user permissions](/gp/help/G901).
  * If you already have individual seller logins for each user accessing your seller account, each account will need to enable two-step verification separately. 

For a step-by-step guide on how to enable two-step verification, go to [How to
enable two-step verification](/gp/help/GSWPS4GPEPMXZ98R).

#### Is two-step verification required?

Yes. All Seller Central users must have two-step verification enabled to
access their account.

**Note:** Selling Partner Support can’t make exceptions for this requirement.

#### Can I disable two-step verification?

Although you can turn off two-step verification in [Advanced Security
Settings](https://www.amazon.com/a/settings/approval), you’ll still be
required to receive a mobile one-time password at sign in to your device
registered for two-step verification. If you don’t have a registered device
when attempting to login, you’ll be directed through a device registration
process first.

#### What is an authenticator app and where do I get one?

An authenticator app is a downloadable application for mobile devices or
desktop computers and generates a random code even without an internet
connection and can be used for two-step verification. Authenticator apps don’t
have access to your Amazon login.

To get an app, search for “authenticator app” in the following app stores:

[Apple App Store](https://appstoreconnect.apple.com/login) | [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store) | [Windows Store](https://www.microsoft.com/windows/windows-10-apps)  
---|---|---  
  
For more information, see [Use an authenticator app for two-step
verification](/gp/help/G202110780).

#### Do I always need to enter my two-step verification code when I log into
my account?

Yes. If you don’t want to use a phone number to receive your one-time password
every time you sign in, you must navigate to your account login settings and
register an authenticator app as a two-step verification device instead.

For more information, go to [Use an authenticator app for two-step
verification](/gp/help/G202110780).

#### Why can't I receive my two-step verification code via email?

Authenticator apps, SMS text, and phone calls are typically more secure
methods than email. Due to the increasing number of cases where email accounts
are compromised, Amazon has chosen to provide a higher level of protection for
sellers and does not support the use of email for sending two-step
verification codes.

The two-step verification process requires you to enter your password, as well
as a random code obtained from a device you have physical access to. If the
code is sent through email, it can be accessed remotely, which bypasses the
security benefit of the second step of verification.

#### How does two-step verification work if multiple users access my seller
account?

Since two-step verification is tied to the login of the individual accessing
the account, there should be no impact to your account as long as everyone
accessing it has their own user account. If you have multiple people who
access your selling account using the same login credentials, we recommend you
set up a unique login for each person accessing the account. Sharing login
credentials with multiple people:

  * Can create a security risk. If someone leaves your company/organization and has your login credentials, they would have access to your Selling account and the associated buying account, including any credit card or personal information available there.
  * Requires all users to have equal access to all devices. If the person who set up two-step verification on the login used to access your seller account isn’t in the office or reachable, everyone who accesses the account would need to have access to both the primary and backup methods for receiving your code; otherwise, all work on the account would need to stop until that person returns.

If you have multiple users who share the same user ID and password for Seller
Central, we recommend setting up each user with secondary user permissions.
For more information on how to do this, go to [Set user
permissions](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/G901). Once the
secondary user permissions have been set up, these users will need to setup
two-step verification on their first login.

#### Will two-step verification affect my Amazon buyer account?

Yes. Two-step verification is applied to the login of the user accessing your
Seller Central account. If you use the same login to access the buyer account,
you will be required to enter your two-step verification code when you log
into the Amazon store. If you don't want to have two-step verification on the
buyer account, you can open a separate Amazon account for buying. We recommend
using two-step verification on all of your accounts because it can help
protect them from unauthorized access.

#### Will enabling two-step verification affect my third-party connections?
(For example, screen scrapers, integrators, or data aggregators.)

Two-step verification might affect some connections from third parties using
screen-scraping technology to sign in to your account via a username and
password. We encourage you to explore whether Selling Partner API (SP-API) or
Reports in Seller Central can provide the functionality for which you use a
third party.

#### What if I am traveling and don't have cell coverage to receive an SMS
text or voice call to receive my two-step verification code?

It is recommended in times of unreliable service, you use an authenticator app
as they don't require cellular coverage to generate a code.

For more information, go to [Use an authenticator app for two-step
verification](/gp/help/G202110780)

#### What if my device is lost or stolen and I’m unable to receive my two-step
verification code?

If your device is lost or stolen, contact your carrier immediately.

To gain access to your seller account, try logging into Seller Central and
click **Didn’t receive the code?** on the bottom of the two-step verification
page. Select your backup method for receiving your code.

If you don’t have a backup device and can't change your settings, you'll need
to go through the [two-step verification account
recovery](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=GU3SL3GTHLHPDQ2H)
process. This process requires you to submit documentation verifying your
identity. Once verified (the verification process can take up to 48 hours to
complete), two-step verification will be disabled so you can log in. On your
next login, you will be required to setup two-step verification again, this
time using devices that you have access to.

**Note:** Selling Partner Support can’t override this verification process.

There are several things that you can do to ensure you always have access to
your account:

  * Provide a reliable backup method when you enable two-step verification. This way if you change your phone number or lose your phone, you’ll still have access.
  * Keep your advanced security settings up to date. To view your settings in Seller Central, click **Settings** > **Login Settings** > **Advanced Security Settings** > **Edit**. You must receive a code and validate it before you can make any changes.

#### What do I do if I don't receive my two-step verification code?

Click the **Didn’t receive the code?** link where it asks you to enter your
code. This will list any [backup methods](/gp/help/external/GSWPS4GPEPMXZ98R)
you designated when you set up your account. You can also choose to have a
voice call to your cell phone in case the SMS text didn’t arrive.

If you don’t receive a code during registration, check that the phone number
you provided is correct. Make sure the phone number includes a region code,
and your cell phone can receive SMS text messages.

#### What do I do if I enter my two-step verification code and I get an error
code or nothing happens?

If this occurs, first clear your cache as this is usually a browser settings
issue.

If this doesn’t work, request a code on your backup method by clicking the
**Didn’t receive the code?** link on the two-step verification page. This will
list any backup methods you designated when you set up your account. You can
also choose to have a voice call to your cell phone in case the SMS text
didn’t arrive.

If you’re having an issue receiving a code during registration, make sure that
the phone number you provided is correct. Make sure that the phone number
includes a region code, and that your cell phone can receive SMS text
messages.If you still don’t receive a code from your backup methods, go to
[Two-Step Verification Account
Recovery](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?&nodeId=202073840).

#### How do I confirm if two-step verification is enabled?

If you can access Seller Central without a message saying that two-step
verification is required, you have two-step verification enabled.

#### How do I make changes to my two-step verification settings?

In Seller Central, go to **Settings** > **Login Settings** > **Advanced
Security Settings** > **Edit** to view your settings. Click the **Change**
link next to the item you want to change and follow the on-screen instructions
to change and save your two-step verification settings. You can also access
settings in [Advanced Security
Settings](https://www.amazon.com/a/settings/approval).

#### More information

  * [About Two-Step Verification](/gp/help/G202110760)
  * [How to enable Two-Step Verification](/gp/help/GSWPS4GPEPMXZ98R)
  * [Use an authenticator app for Two-Step Verification](/gp/help/G202110780)
  * [Set up Two-Step Verification](https://www.amazon.com/a/settings/approval)
  * [Changing Two-Step Verification Settings](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?&nodeId=202073720%27)
  * [Two-Step Verification Account Recovery](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?&nodeId=202073840)
  * [Change login settings](/gp/help/G831)

