---
title: Understanding fee categories
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GNJSJ7GP26PD5XWJ
section: General Documentation
---

Fee categories describe what type of product an item is. Examples of fee
categories include Books, Apparel, Grocery, and Toys.  
  
Every ASIN in the Amazon catalog, and all ASINs of a specific type, can belong
to only one fee category. For example, all dollhouses, building blocks, and
play kitchens belong under the Toys fee category.

Fee types that may use fee categories in their calculation include, but are
not limited to, [referral fees](/gp/help/GTG4BAWSY39Z98Z3), [closing
fees](/gp/help/GKD9U5REK5DKB38Y), [FBA fulfillment
fees](/gp/help/GPDC3KPYAGDTVDJP), and [FBA returns processing
fees](/gp/help/G64LS955WNFT6EDP).

## Fee category guidelines

Our [fee category guidelines](/gc/fee-category-guidelines), effective March
16, 2022, provide detailed, searchable lists of products that belong to each
fee category.  For example, you can search for the keyword “Jewelry” to view
products mapped to that fee category, including items such as bangle
bracelets, anklets, pendants, and earrings. As our catalog evolves, we’ll
periodically update these guidelines and their effective date.

The fee categories are different from and independent of product listing
requirements as well as browse tree guides. Their definitions are as follows:

  * **Fee categories** determine the rate that applies to each product for certain types of fees.
  * **Product listing requirements** describe the eligibility criteria that sellers or products must meet to list a particular item on Amazon. 
  * **Browse tree guides** are lists of the browse locations in Amazon’s store. An item could belong to more than one browse location to help customers find it more easily. However, an item’s fee category may or may not correspond to its location or locations in the browse tree.

## Referral fees

To find a referral fee associated with each fee category, go to [Selling on
Amazon fee schedule](/gp/help/G200336920), which lists the applicable fee
categories along with their referral fee rates and minimum referral fee. There
are three variations:

  * **Fee categories with a flat rate.** The referral fee rate is the same, regardless of the total sales price. For example, the referral fee for the fee category Mattresses is 15%, with a $0.30 minimum.
  * **Fee categories with a tiered rate.** The referral fee rate for these categories will differ based on the total sales price. For example, the referral fee for the category Electronics Accessories is 15% for the portion of the total sales price up to $100.00, and 8% for any portion of the total sales price greater than $100.00, with a $0.30 minimum.
  * **Fee categories with a selective rate.** The referral fee rates vary by the type of item sold within that fee category. For example, the referral fee for the category Tools & Home Improvement is 15%, except for base equipment power tools, which have a 12% referral fee. The minimum referral fee for all items in this category is $0.30. 

**Tip:** To find the fee category for your ASINs, go to the [Fee Preview
report](/reportcentral/ESTIMATED_FBA_FEES/1).

If you think that your item is in a fee category different than as described
in the [fee category guidelines](/gc/fee-category-guidelines), you can file a
dispute with us. To learn more, go to [Referral fees reimbursement
policy](/gp/help/GRRJCFXD6474GRLY).

