---
title: Understanding item package weight and dimensions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6WAEPTECPT2JUH3
section: General Documentation
---

#### What does "item package weight and dimensions" refer to?

Item package weight and dimensions refers to the weight and dimensions of the
individual unit that you’re listing under a FNSKU. The weight and dimensions
include the unit’s packaging, such as the individual box or poly bag. The
item, item package, and case can all have distinct weight and dimensions. FBA
fees are based on item package weight and dimensions.

In the illustration below, the duck is the standalone item. The duck in a box
is the item package and the four ducks in boxes comprise a case.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Selected_Self_Ship_FAQ/Duck.png)  
---  
  
#### How do I determine my item package dimensions?

Amazon uses a variety of sensors instrumented throughout fulfillment centers
to capture item measurements. The measurement sensors will capture your item
packaging edge-to-edge, including loose material, such as plastic bags, or
loose parts, such as handles.

To replicate potential machine measurements, take a single item package, with
the item inside, as it would be received by a customer. On a flat surface,
fully extend loose packaging material, such as poly bag flaps and package
handles, to capture the maximum item package dimensions. Measure the item
package’s longest edge as its length, its second longest edge as its width,
and its shortest edge as its height.

If one or more of these dimensions is varies across the package, due to a
bulge in the packaging or something similar, measure the longest or thickest
part of that dimension. To minimize the dimensions of deformable packaging,
ensure that the packaging doesn’t exhibit loose material by using methods such
as tight-fitting or vacuum-sealed poly bags, or taped flaps.

#### Which fees use item package weight and dimensions in their calculation?

Fees that use item package weight and dimensions in their calculations include
FBA fulfillment fees, monthly storage fees, long-term storage fees, FBA
removal order fees, FBA disposal order fees, fulfillment fees for Multi-
Channel Fulfillment orders, FBA inbound placement service fees, and FBA prep
service fees. For more information on fees, go to the [Selling on Amazon fees
guide](/gp/help/G6F7CN3EQS7MEGCN).

#### Is loose packaging counted toward item package dimensions for fee
calculation purposes

Yes, the measurement sensors that capture dimensions in our fulfillment
centers will evaluate packaging edge-to-edge, including loose poly bag and
protruding handles. To minimize the dimensions of deformable packaging, ensure
that the packaging does not exhibit loose material by using methods such as
tight-fitting or vacuum-sealed poly bags, or taped flaps, so that the
dimensions of the same item packages are as similar to each other as possible.

#### What is a remeasurement request?

Fees for FBA services, such as fulfillment fees and storage fees, are based on
item package weight and dimensions. If you believe that the item package
weight or dimensions associated with your FNSKU are incorrect, you can submit
a request for a remeasurement. We will locate a sellable unit belonging to
your inventory and remeasure it in one of our fulfillment centers which
typically takes 10 days. Your FNSKU’s updated item package weight and
dimensions will apply across all stores within the region where we received
your request.

#### How do I prevent discrepancies between the size tier that I believe to be
correct, and the size tier that Amazon is applying to my item?

The following packaging practices minimize size-tier discrepancies:

  

  1. When you design your packaging, avoid dimensions that are close to the size-tier boundaries. To learn more about product size tiers, go to [FBA fulfillment fee](/gp/help/GPDC3KPYAGDTVDJP)..
  2. Packaging should be snug against your product. Avoid packaging products in loose poly bags with excess material, such as poly bag flaps.
  3. Ensure that loose packaging parts, such as handles, stay tucked against the box.
  4. Packaged items should maintain similar edge-to-edge dimensions from one item to the next.

When possible, avoid the following items and packaging types, which cause the
most common discrepancies:

  

  1. Soft items that bulge out of its box packaging
  2. Deformable or loose packaging, including plastic bags with excess material 
  3. Packaging with movable parts, including handles that pop out, or floppy string handles
  4. Packaging that is close to the threshold between fulfillment-fee size tiers 
  5. Packaged items that vary in edge-to-edge dimensions, such as one package with a lot of excess poly bag, and another package with a tight-fitting poly bag

#### How do I request a remeasurement?

You can request a remeasurement through the **Remeasure FBA products and
confirm fees** widget. Locate the widget by typing "remeasure" into the search
bar.

#### Is there a limit to how many remeasurement requests I can make each
month?

Yes, effective September 29, 2021, monthly request limits will be set at the
account level.

Limits per account allows us to respond faster to all requests.

#### Where can I find my account’s remeasurement limit and usage?

Effective September 29, 2021, your remeasurement limit will be displayed under
the **Remeasure FBA products and confirm fees** widget. Locate the widget by
typing "remeasure" into the search bar. The limit is based on the number of
offers with inventory in your account. As you submit requests, we’ll subtract
from this limit. On the first of each month, we’ll reset your account’s
request count back to zero.

Only submit requests that you believe will result in a change to your fees.
When you submit too many remeasurement requests that don’t result in a fees
changes, we may not be able to process requests that are impacting fees in a
timely manner.

#### What if I have more requests to make than are available as part of my
monthly limit?

You may submit those requests the following month. However, in a given month,
if we detect that a high percentage of your remeasurement requests are
resulting in changes to your fees, we will allow you to send more requests.
When you **Enter FNSKU or ASIN** , you will see a message to proceed with
submitting your request.

**Note:** The **Remeasure FBA products and confirm fees** widget will not
reflect the increase in the remeasurement requests limit even if you become
eligible to submit more than 20 requests per month.

#### What are other reasons why my remeasurement request may not be processed?

Other reasons we may not be able to process remeasurement requests include the
following:

  * There is no inventory in our fulfillment centers, or inventory is not in a location that is accessible to associates.
  * You have already submitted two remeasurement requests for the same FNSKU within the last 60 days. This cap is independent of account level remeasurement limits. Even if an account is still able to measure additional FNSKUs in a given month, each FNSKU can only be remeasured twice within the preceding 60 days.

