---
title: United Arab Emirates Value Added Tax (VAT) FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWSXGJDRLV4TWEQS
section: General Documentation
---

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. You should consult
your professional advisers if you have any questions.

The United Arab Emirates (UAE) government has rules in place requiring
providers of remote services to calculate and collect United Arab Emirates
VAT.

Starting January 1, 2018, unless a United Arab Emirates-resident seller has
provided their VAT ID (Tax Identification Number - TIN), Amazon will collect
and remit United Arab Emirates VAT at a standard rate of 5% on monthly
subscription fees and other Selling on Amazon fees.

Sellers who are located in United Arab Emirates and sell on Amazon websites
can provide Amazon with their United Arab Emirates VAT ID and will not be
charged the 5% United Arab Emirates VAT on their Selling on Amazon fees.

Follow the steps below to provide Amazon with your United Arab Emirates VAT
ID:  

  1. Sign in to Seller Central.
  2. Under **Settings** choose **Account Info**.
  3. In the section **Tax Information** , select **VAT information**.
  4. From the list of countries, select **United Arab Emirates**.
  5. Add your VAT ID.
  6. Select **I accept and acknowledge all conditions set out in the Tax registration agreement**.
  7. Click **Save**.

# FAQ

#### How does this apply to my selling account?

If you are a resident of United Arab Emirates, Selling on Amazon Fees charged
to your selling account will be subject to United Arab Emirates VAT unless you
have provided Amazon with a valid VAT ID.

#### How do I obtain a United Arab Emirates VAT ID?

You may be able to register for a United Arab Emirates VAT ID online. For more
information, see the Taxation in United Arab Emirates official website.

#### I am not a United Arab Emirates resident. Will the Selling on Amazon fees
charged to my account be subject to UAE VAT?

If you are not a resident of United Arab Emirates, Selling on Amazon fees
charged through your selling account will not be subject to United Arab
Emirates VAT. Consult your tax advisor to understand if you have any VAT
obligations in United Arab Emirates.

#### How do I provide my VAT ID to Amazon?

You can provide your United Arab Emirates VAT ID to Amazon. Sign in to Seller
Central, click **Settings** > **Account Info** , and click **VAT Information**
under the Tax Information module.

#### How is United Arab Emirates VAT charged?

Amazon will normally charge sellers a standard rate of 5% VAT on Selling on
Amazon fees and monthly subscription fees if the seller has not provided a
valid United Arab Emirates VAT ID to Amazon.

#### Why is Amazon continuing to collect United Arab Emirates VAT when I have
provided a valid United Arab Emirates VAT ID?

Amazon will not calculate or collect United Arab Emirates VAT if you have a
valid United Arab Emirates VAT ID on file. Amazon calculates VAT on fees when
an order is placed and charges it to the Seller account when the order is
shipped. Therefore, United Arab Emirates VAT may have been collected on orders
placed prior to the time you provided your VAT ID.

#### I updated my information to reflect my current address which is outside
United Arab Emirates. Why is Amazon continuing to collect United Arab Emirates
VAT?

Amazon will not calculate or collect United Arab Emirates VAT on your selling
account fees unless the information you have provided at the time of the
transaction indicates you are a resident of United Arab Emirates. Amazon
calculates United Arab Emirates VAT on fees when an order is placed and
collects it when an order is shipped; there may have been existing pending
orders before you updated your current address and payment information

Go to [Seller Account Information](/hz/sc/account-information), and review
each section to ensure that all of your information is complete and accurate.
Note that there may be several addresses and payment methods associated with
your selling account.

#### I am no longer a resident of United Arab Emirates, and I have updated all
my information to reflect my current address. Can Amazon refund previously-
charged United Arab Emirates VAT to my selling account?

Amazon is required to charge and remit United Arab Emirates VAT based on the
information in your selling account. At the time the United Arab Emirates VAT
was collected, Amazon had enough information to associate your account with
United Arab Emirates. Amazon cannot refund United Arab Emirates VAT without a
valid United Arab Emirates VAT ID.

#### How do I receive a refund for previously-charged United Arab Emirates VAT
on my selling account?

To request a refund, you will need to provide your United Arab Emirates VAT ID
to Amazon on the Tax Registration Information page in Seller Central. Then you
will need to contact [Amazon Seller Support](/cu/contact-us) to request a
refund of the United Arab Emirates VAT charged to your selling account.

United Arab Emirates VAT refund requests can take up to 90 days to process.
You will receive an update from Amazon informing you about the estimated date
when you can expect to receive a refund in your selling account, if your
request was approved.

#### Will Amazon provide me with an invoice for any United arab Emirates VAT
collected on my monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees?

Amazon will not provide an invoice to sellers who are charged United Arab
Emirates VAT on their monthly subscription fees and Selling on Amazon fees.
However, sellers who have provided their VAT ID will receive a monthly
invoice. Your monthly invoice will be emailed to the primary email address
mentioned in your selling account.

You can also view your monthly invoices by signing in to Seller Central >
**Reports** > **Tax Document Library** > **Seller Fee Tax Invoices**.

#### I have added my United Arab Emirates VAT ID in my seller account. Can
Amazon send me updated invoices with my United Arab Emirates VAT ID?

Amazon cannot modify prior invoices to reflect changes made to your selling
account. However, if you believe you have been charged VAT in error, or since
you have had a VAT ID, you may request a refund. Once you have provided your
VAT ID to Amazon, you will receive monthly VAT invoices.

#### Can Amazon help me with my tax return?

While we are committed to helping sellers, we do not provide tax advisory or
compliance services. Please contact a tax advisor if you have any questions
about taxes or need assistance with your tax returns. We have created a [list
of third-party tax advisors](https://services.amazon.com/solution-
providers/#/search/US/tax?localeSelection=en_US) solely as a resource for our
sellers. . .

