---
title: Unsuitable inventory investigations policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GH4YYXNDRW9BSZEN
section: General Documentation
---

Customer trust is paramount to Amazon, and we strictly prohibit the sale of
counterfeit products and other illegal goods. If we find that you have engaged
in the sale of such goods through our fulfillment network, we may deactivate
your account and offers, consistent with section F-7 of the Fulfillment by
Amazon Service Terms in the Business Solutions Agreement ("[FBA Service
Terms](/gp/help/G1791)"). We may also withhold and/or dispose of your
inventory in order to protect our customers and sellers.

Amazon will notify you if we require additional information about inventory
that we have determined may constitute Unsuitable Units under the FBA Service
Terms. If your inventory is withheld due to suspected violations of our anti-
counterfeit and restricted products policies, we will notify you by email and
conduct an investigation.

As part of this investigation, we may request that you provide additional
information or documentation regarding your identity, product authenticity,
and compliance with applicable laws. We may validate any information that you
provide with third parties or government agencies. We may withhold some or all
of your inventory while we investigate.

If you do not provide the information we request by the stated deadlines, or
if we find that any of your inventory constitutes Unsuitable Units, including
but not limited to as a result of fraudulent or illegal activity such as the
sale of counterfeit products or illegal goods, the violation of Amazonâ€™s anti-
counterfeit policy, or submitting forged documents to Amazon, we may dispose
of any such inventory immediately, in accordance with the FBA Service Terms.
If we determine that your inventory has not violated this policy, we may
release the hold on your inventory or allow you to request that it be returned
to you.

