---
title: Update credit or debit card information
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202131360
section: General Documentation
---

If your credit or debit card has expired or has been declined, we will prompt
you to enter new credit or debit card information before you can access your
seller account. You can add a new credit or debit card or update an existing
card. Any mismatch in your credit or debit card information may result in the
card being declined. This might cause a delay in payment.

**Note:** It can take up to 48 hours for Amazon to update your seller account
with any new credit or debit card information.

**Important:** In some instances, you may be redirected to financial
institution to verify your card with a security challenge, before being
redirected back to Amazon. A separate security challenge may be surfaced to
verify that you are the card holder for each card you provide to Amazon, and
for each store you would like to sell in. For information about a problem with
verification of your card, go to [Add, delete, and verify your credit or debit
card information](/gp/help/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC).

## Update credit or debit card information in seller account

Complete the following steps to update the credit or debit card information in
your seller account:  

  1. Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  2. From **Payment Information** , select **Charge Methods**.
  3. Click **Replace Charge Method** for the credit or debit card you would like to replace, and select the store where you would like to assign a new charge method.
  4. Select an option to either **Add a new credit or debit card** , or select a card that is already available in Seller Central. Enter the requested information exactly as it appears on your credit or debit card statement.

**Note:** You cannot delete a card that is currently your designated charge
method for your seller account, but you can add a new card or select a
different card from the list of cards you had previously entered. For more
information about addition, deletion, and verification process, go to [Add,
delete, and verify your credit or debit card
information](/gp/help/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC).

**Important:** When you enter a new card or update your information for an
existing card, you may be asked to verify your card and with a security
challenge. Amazon may also ask your financial institution to authorize a
charge of up to $1; Amazon will not actually make the charge. We will complete
the authorization process for all stores where you are registered to sell. For
example, if you have entered one card for your Amazon.com seller account and
an exception card for your Amazon.ca seller account, both cards will be
authorized for up to USD 1 when you update either one. Depending on your
financial institution, the authorization may or may not show up as a pending
charge. The authorization should disappear from your credit or debit card
statement in 3-5 business days, subject to financial institutionâ€™s policies.

## Submitting exceptions for Amazon stores

In most cases, the credit or debit card information entered into the **Charge
Method** section for one store will automatically be applied to all stores in
your Amazon Marketplaces account, unless you provide unique credit or debit
card information for a given store (what is known as an "exception").

Complete the following steps to add an exception card for a different store:  

  1. Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  2. From **Payment Information** , select **Charge Method**.
  3. Click **Manage Charge Method** , select **add a new exception for another marketplace** , and enter the requested information exactly as it appears on your credit or debit card statement.

Complete the following steps to edit an existing exception card in your
unified account:  

  1. Go to **Settings** , and click **Account Info**.
  2. From **Payment Information** , select **Charge Method**.
  3. Go to your respective marketplace exception for which you want to update the card details.
  4. Click **Manage Charge Method** , and enter the requested information exactly as it appears on your credit or debit card statement.

**Note:** To edit the credit or debit card information for a marketplace
exception, follow the steps in the **Update your credit or debit card
information** section above for that particular exception.

## See also:

[Add, delete, and verify your credit or debit card
information](/gp/help/GUQLF3C3HXXXERLC)

