---
title: Upload a video
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GWJRQF3C34G4PRA2
section: General Documentation
---

Brand registered and not brand registered sellers that have been selling for
three months or more can upload videos to display on the main image block of
live products. Uploaded videos may be displayed in the main image block, the
videos section below the fold on the product detail page and in search
results.

You can use either **Upload and Manage Videos** or **Image manager** to upload
a product video.

Follow the below steps to upload a product video through **Upload and Manage
Videos** :

  1. Click **Catalog** and select **Upload and Manage Videos** page.  .

  2. On the **Manage videos** page, click **Upload video**. 

  3. On the **Upload videos** page, click **Upload video** and select the video you want to upload or drag-and-drop the required video.

  4. Fill in the required fields:
     * **Title** : This is the title displayed next to your video.
     * **ASINs** : Select the products relevant to your video. If your video is approved, then we will display it on the product detail pages of the products that you have selected.
     * **Thumbnail** : This is the preview image displayed to customers before they play the video. A thumbnail is automatically generated for you. If you decide to replace it, use a high-quality image in either .jpg, .png, .gif, or .bmp format under 5GB.

  5. Click **Submit**.

Or follow the below steps to upload a product video through **Image manager**
:

  

  1. Click **Catalog** and select **Upload images**.
  2. On the **Image manager** tab, select the product for which you want to upload the video.
  3. On the product detail pane on the right, click **Videos**.
  4. Click **Upload video** and select the required video file.

**Note:** We recommend you to upload files in the highest available quality,
up to 1080p but not exceeding 5 GB. Currently acceptable file formats are .mov
and .mp4.

  5. Fill in the required fields:
     * **Title** : This is the title displayed next to your video.
     * **Thumbnail** : This is the preview image displayed to the customers before they play the video. A thumbnail is automatically generated for you. If you decide to replace it, use a high-quality image in either .jpg, .png, .gif, or .bmp format under 5GB.
  6. Click **Submit**.

**Note:** Review our [Community
guidelines](/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201929730) and [Restricted
products](/help/hub/reference/200164330) before uploading the video. We will
process and review all uploaded videos to ensure they meet our guidelines. For
more information, go to [Manage product videos
FAQ](/help/hub/reference/Y4LL3M3WJEFE8MZ).

**Note:** Review typically takes less than a day, but might take up to seven
business days or more during holiday seasons.

**Note:** If your video has been in **Live** status for two days but has not
shown up on the detail page for your products yet, check the number of images
present for your product. If there are more than six images, remove some to
prioritize your video.

Currently, video upload is not enabled for Sellers on Amazon.ae.

## Benefits of adding a video to a product listing

Learn how videos on product detail pages can enhance brand ownerâ€™s listings in
the Amazon store.

