---
title: Upload images in Image Manager
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GUGPCYWV2P8KVFUT
section: General Documentation
---

Every product detail page requires at least one product image. The first image
on the product detail page is the "main" image and is shown to customers in
search. Good images make it easy for customers to evaluate the product. Images
must be clear, informative, and attractive.

Review the [category style guides](/gp/help/1641) for specific guidance.

For more information on the quality and technical requirements your product
images should meet, go to [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881) and
[Technical image file requirements](/gp/help/G9FUUH87RBNXGKB7).

Go to [Image issues](/gp/help/GT8RSE9S9NK4LP6Z) to find information about
possible image issues and how to resolve them.

**Notes:**

  * Uploading an image doesn’t guarantee that your image will be displayed on the detail page. We combine images from different sources to ensure that customers see the best images available. If your image is selected, it can take up to 72 hours for it to appear on the detail page.
  * Some image variants may be required to prove your compliance with applicable laws, regulations, standards, and our policies related to those products and product listings. If this is the case, you will receive an email with instructions.

For more information about providing videos, go to [Upload a
video](/gp/help/GWJRQF3C34G4PRA2).

## Global or US upload vs country-specific upload

If you sell products in more than one country, you can use the same images in
all countries or upload country specific images for each country.

**Note:** Some image variants may be required to prove your compliance with
applicable laws, regulations, standards, and our policies related to those
products and product listings. If this is the case, you will receive an email
with instructions.

Currently, the process to upload country-specific images doesn't support US-
specific uploads. To upload images to show in the US, upload the images as
Global, using the [Bulk Image Upload tool](/imaging/upload).

Find more information below about how to upload both country-specific and
Global or US images for the same ASIN.

## Global or US single image upload

If you want to upload a **single image globally or for US** , follow the
instructions:  

  1. Click the **Catalog** tab and select **Upload images**.
  2. Click the **Image manager** tab.
  3. On the left pane, search for your product using either ASIN or SKU.
  4. From the search results, select your product for which you want to change the images.
  5. To change image variants, under **Images submitted by you** , select from the dropdown menu the variant code for the image you want to upload (MAIN, FRNT, PT01, PT02 and so on) for your product, then click **Upload**.
  6. Select an image from your computer, and click **Open**. This action will submit the image to that variant.

For more information about image variants, go to [Image
variants](/gp/help/G8HQAHPDXA9ANPH4).

**Notes:**

  * To preview the current images associated with your product, click the **Live images** drop-down.
  * The preselected image variant recommendations are specific to your product's category style guide. To include a variant that's not preselected, select the drop-down next to its name to replace it with another variant ID, before you upload an image.
  * Image files must be named by ASIN + variant code + file extension (for example, B000123456.MAIN.jpg). File names that have incorrect naming or file type listed twice will be rejected (for example, B000123456.MAIN.jpg.jpg). 

For more information, go to [Name your image
files](/gp/help/GJV4FNMT7563SF5F).

## Global or US bulk image upload

Before uploading **multiple images globally or for US** , review the following
guidance:

  * When you upload images for your products using the Bulk Image Upload tool, the images will be available for all countries where those products are sold. 
  * You only have to upload images once for the images to be available in all countries. 
  * Global images must contain text in English.
  * For images that call out dimensions, we recommended that you upload them as country- specific (unless the images are for US).

To upload multiple **images globally or for US** , go to the [Bulk Image
Upload tool](/imaging/upload) and follow the instructions:  

  1. Click the **Catalog** tab and select **Upload images**.
  2. Click the **Bulk Image Upload** page and follow the image requirements
  3. Click or drag your image or zip file into the **Upload images** section and then click **Submit images**. 
  4. Check if images were successfully loaded by clicking on **Submission status**. ASINs with the status "Image upload completed" have been uploaded.

**Note:** Image files must be named by ASIN + variant code + file extension
(for example, B000123456.MAIN.jpg). File names that have incorrect naming or
file type listed twice will be rejected (for example,
B000123456.MAIN.jpg.jpg).

For more information, go to [Name your image
files](/gp/help/GJV4FNMT7563SF5F).

## Country-specific image upload

Before uploading images for a specific country, it’s important to note the
following:

  * Subsequent global image uploads will not override your country-specific images. For instance, if you upload images for Germany, and later you provide an updated set of global images, your Germany-specific images will not affect the global image set.
  * When you upload country-specific images, you have to ensure that you submit the main image as well. Our system will not consider for display your country-specific images on the detail page, if the main image is missing. For example, if you upload DE specific variant image(s) to the DE store without a main image, our system will detect that the main image is missing and will not consider these image(s) for display on the detail page. If you have previously uploaded Global or US image(s), then our system will consider your Global or US main and variant images (if available) for the DE store, and will disregard the DE specific image(s) without a main image.
  * Country-specific images must include text in the country's language or English. 
  * To upload country-specific images, you must have an active offer in the target country.
  * Currently, country-specific uploads doesn’t support US-specific uploads. To upload images to show in the US, upload the images as Global, using the [Bulk Image Upload tool](/imaging/upload).

To upload country-specific product images, follow the instructions below.

  

  1. Click the **Catalog** tab and select **Upload images**.
  2. On the **Bulk Image Upload** page, click **Upload here** to access the [Country Specific Image upload](/imaging/upload/country).
  3. Click or drag your image or zip file into the **Upload images** section, select your **desired country** from the drop-down menu, and then click **Submit images**.
  4. Check if images were successfully loaded by clicking **Submission status**. ASINs with the status **Image upload completed** have been uploaded to the designated country.

**Notes:**

  * Uploading country-specific images doesn't guarantee that they will be displayed on the Product detail page over images from other sellers, or over global images.
  * Image files must be named by ASIN + variant code + file extension (for example, B000123456.MAIN.jpg). File names that have incorrect naming or file type listed twice will be rejected (for example, B000123456.MAIN.jpg.jpg). 

## Upload Global or US-specific and country-specific images for the same ASIN

First, follow the steps in section **Global or US bulk image upload** and
upload the US image using the [Bulk Image Upload tool](/imaging/upload). We
recommend that you upload the image from your North America account.

Second, follow steps 1–4 in section **Country-specific image upload** , to
create country-specific images for each active store where you want to display
country-specific images.

**Note:** Uploading country-specific images doesn't guarantee that they will
be displayed on the product detail page over images from other sellers, or
over global images.

## Replace existing global images with country-specific images

If you have previously uploaded images for an ASIN using one of the following
methods, then the images will be treated as global by default and will be
displayed on the product detail pages on all Amazon stores without country
distinctions:

  * Bulk Image Upload 
  * Spreadsheet upload or Feeds inventory files 
  * 1x1 Listing Template 
  * Listing API (Application Programming Interface) 

If this is not your intention, follow the guidance in section **Delete your
images** and remove the images from the global upload. Then follow steps 1–4 ,
in section **Country-specific image upload** , to create country-specific
product images.

## Manage your images

**Review the status of your images**

You can view the status of all images you uploaded (Global or US-specific and
country-specific) in the [status report](/imaging/upload/status).

For more information on products removed from search due to image issues, go
to the [content compliance report](/imaging/upload/issues) and refer to [Image
issues](/gp/help/GT8RSE9S9NK4LP6Z).

You can view all images (Global or US-specific and country-specific) you
uploaded by navigating to the Image Manager tab, and following the
instructions below:  

  1. Click the **Catalog** tab and select **Upload images**.
  2. Click the **Image manager** tab.
  3. On the left pane, search for your product using either ASIN or SKU.
  4. When you click the product on the left panel, you will be able to view the country and Global or US images uploaded for that ASIN on the right panel of the page.

**Delete your images**

You can't delete the main image because all ASINs require a main image.
Instead, you can replace the main image with a new image. To replace the
original main image, click the camera icon under the main thumbnail and then
upload your new main image.

You can delete variant images (Global or US-specific and country-specific)
that you previously uploaded by navigating to the Image Manager tab, and
following the instructions below:  

  1. Click the **Catalog** tab and select **Upload images**.
  2. Click the **Image manager** tab.
  3. On the left pane, search for your product using either ASIN or SKU.
  4. When you click the product on the left panel, you will be able to view the country and Global or US images uploaded for that ASIN on the right panel of the page.
  5. Select the image you want to remove and click the delete icon (trash icon) at the bottom right hand corner of the image.
  6. Confirm the image deletion in the pop-up window.

**Note:** Images shared between child ASINs must be deleted individually from
each ASIN.

## Image requirements and troubleshooting

For detailed guidance about image requirements and common image issues, visit
the pages below:

  * [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881)
  * [Technical image file requirements](/gp/help/G9FUUH87RBNXGKB7)
  * [Image issues](/gp/help/GT8RSE9S9NK4LP6Z)
  * [Name your image files](/gp/help/GJV4FNMT7563SF5F)
  * [Images not appearing on the Detail page](/gp/help/G17811)

