---
title: UPS Ground Saver Terms and Conditions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYRFZZRZDJTWU8FL
section: General Documentation
---

**UPS Ground Saver service description**  
UPS Ground Saver service transports domestic packages primarily by ground
transportation with final delivery to residential addresses by either the
United States Postal Service (“USPS”) or UPS. The following are features of
the service:

**Geographic scope**  
UPS Ground Saver service is currently available for packages with an origin
within the 48 contiguous United States and a destination of a residential
address in the 48 contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, U.S.
Territories and to U.S. Post Office Boxes and APO/FPO/DPO addresses. UPS
Ground Saver service is not available for international packages. Origins and
destinations for UPS Ground Saver are subject to change.

**UPS Partner Platform**  
UPS Ground Saver service is available to Customer under this Agreement only
for packages processed through a partner platform authorized to process such
packages.

**Permissible size and weight of packages**

Packages tendered for UPS Ground Saver service are subject to minimum and
maximum size and weight restrictions. UPS Ground Saver packages must be at
least four inches high, six inches long, and 0.75 inches wide, may not exceed
130 inches in length and girth combined, and no single dimension may exceed 60
inches in length. The maximum weight of a UPS Ground Saver package is 70
pounds.

UPS Ground Saver packages with an actual weight of less than 1 pound that are
864 cubic inches or more are subject to a minimum billable weight of 1 pound
and the UPS Ground Saver (1 pound or Greater rates). To calculate the cubic
size in inches, multiply the package length (longest side of the package) by
the width by the height.

Packages also must comply with the size, weight, and content limitations set
forth in the _USPS Domestic Mail Manual  _in effect at the time of shipping.
The _USPS Domestic Mail Manual  _is available at
_<https://pe.usps.com/DMM300>_  or its successor link which is provided for
convenience only. Packages not conforming to these size and weight limits are
subject to additional charges. UPS Ground Saver packages also must meet the
requirements for permissible commodities set forth in the _[UPS Tariff/Terms
and Conditions of Service](https://www.ups.com/us/en/support/shipping-
support/legal-terms-conditions.page)_ , and the _[UPS List of Prohibited and
Restricted Items for Shipping](https://www.ups.com/us/en/support/shipping-
support/shipping-special-care-regulated-items/prohibited-items.page)_.

**Rates**  
UPS Ground Saver rates are based on shipper and package characteristics,
including zip code distribution, weight, size and volume, and as displayed
through an authorized UPS partner platform.

**Additional charges**

Additional charges as set forth in the UPS Ground Saver rates, for nonstandard
service, additional or nonstandard usage, and other applicable, additional, or
accessorial charges as referenced within the _[UPS Rate and Service
Guide](https://www.ups.com/us/en/support/shipping-support/shipping-costs-
rates/daily-rates.page) _and the _[UPS Tariff/Terms and Conditions of
Service](https://www.ups.com/assets/resources/webcontent/en_US/terms_service_us.pdf)
_also apply to the UPS Ground Saver service.

_UPS Ground Saver Terms_

UPS provides UPS Ground Saver service to you (“Customer”) subject to these UPS
Ground Saver Terms:

**1.  Applicable terms.**

UPS Ground Saver service is provided pursuant to (i) the Service Description
set forth above and these UPS Ground Saver Terms, in effect at the time of
shipping; and (ii) the terms set forth in the UPS Rate and Service Guide, and
the UPS Tariff/Terms and Conditions of Service (“UPS Tariff”) in effect at the
time of shipping (whether or not the UPS Ground Saver service is named or
specifically referenced in the UPS Tariff), as modified by these UPS Ground
Saver Terms. The UPS Rate and Service Guide and the UPS Tariff (each available
at [ups.com](https://www.ups.com/us/en/Home.page)), the UPS Ground Saver
Service Description and these UPS Ground Saver Terms are subject to change at
any time. In the case of a conflict between these UPS Ground Saver Terms and
any other terms in the UPS Tariff, UPS Rate and Service Guide, and these UPS
Ground Saver Terms shall prevail. The UPS Tariff and UPS Rate and Service
Guide are expressly incorporated herein by this reference.

**2.****_   _****Geographic scope.**

UPS Ground Saver service is provided to and from the origins and destinations
as set forth above in the UPS Ground Saver Service Description, in effect at
the time of shipping. UPS reserves the right to add or eliminate permitted
origins and destinations.

**3.****_   _****Size and weight limits; packaging.**

Packages tendered for UPS Ground Saver service are subject to the weight and
size limitations set forth above in the UPS Ground Saver Service Description,
in effect at the time of shipping. Packages not conforming to these size and
weight limits are subject to additional charges.

Customer may not use UPS- or USPS-supplied boxes or other packaging for UPS
Ground Saver packages. UPS Ground Saver packages using UPS- or USPS-supplied
boxes or other packaging will be assessed shipping rates and charges as
applicable to the packaging used.

**4.****_  USPS Domestic Mail Manual _****restrictions; UPS permitted
commodities.**

Customer shall comply with the _USPS Domestic Mail Manual  _in effect at the
time of shipping and all applicable USPS rules and regulations for all
packages tendered for UPS Ground Saver service, including restrictions on
commodities and packaging.

Customer shall not tender, and UPS will not accept for UPS Ground Saver
service, packages containing lithium batteries, hazardous materials, dangerous
goods, or other items subject to regulation under the U.S. Code of Federal
Regulations, Title 49 (including Limited Quantity (ORM-D)). Customer shall
ensure that packages do not contain any item that UPS prohibits or states that
it does not accept, as set forth in the UPS Tariff.

Customer shall be responsible for any penalties, fines, or any other damages
that may arise as a result of Customer’s failure to comply with USPS rules and
regulations or UPS requirements.

**5\. Transit time; Service Guarantee.**

The time and date of delivery for any package tendered for UPS Ground Saver
service is not guaranteed. The UPS Service Guarantee as set forth in the UPS
Tariff is not available for packages tendered for UPS Ground Saver service.
Customer, on behalf of itself and its consignees, waives any right or claim
for damages or liabilities of any kind against UPS arising from or relating to
delayed delivery of packages tendered for UPS Ground Saver service.

**6\. Mode of transportation; delivery.**

UPS may provide UPS Ground Saver service via any mode of transportation in its
discretion. Customer acknowledges that transportation for UPS Ground Saver
packages, including for shipments to certain zip codes, may be made in whole
or in part by the USPS in UPS’s sole discretion. Only one delivery attempt
shall be made on each package. Packages may be released to the consignee’s
address without signature.

**7\. Undeliverable packages.**

UPS Ground Saver packages that cannot be delivered by the USPS will be
returned to Customer or destroyed as determined by the USPS. Customer may
request the USPS to provide Ancillary Service Endorsements for undeliverable
packages pursuant to the _USPS Domestic Mail Manual_ , including Address
Service Requested, Return Service Requested, Forwarding Service Requested, and
Change Service Requested. Such services are provided by the USPS according to
the terms and charges set forth in the _USPS Domestic Mail Manual_.

If UPS is unable to deliver a UPS Ground Saver package, it will be returned to
Customer at Customer’s expense.

**8\. Termination of service.**

UPS shall have the right to terminate UPS Ground Saver service to Customer
immediately (i) if Customer fails to comply with any of these UPS Ground Saver
Terms or the terms of any Agreement, or (ii) if the USPS eliminates or changes
the terms under which it provides service for packages tendered for UPS Ground
Saver service. Termination shall be effective on notice to Customer.

**9\. Pricing.**

Customer shall pay the rates and charges applicable to UPS Ground Saver
service as provided to customer by UPS through an authorized UPS partner
platform.

The rates and charges for UPS Ground Saver service are subject to change on
advance notice at any time for any reason. Changes shall become effective on
the date specified in the notice.

Bill Third Party and Bill Consignee (Collect Billing) options may not be
available.

**10\. Processing system; Routing code; label; PLD.**

Customer shall apply to each package tendered for UPS Ground Saver service a
standard SurePost or other label generated by UPS for the UPS Ground Saver
Service through an authorized UPS partner platform, which is readable by the
USPS and identifies packages for UPS Ground Saver service.

**11\. Liability limitations.**

UPS’s liability for loss or damage to UPS Ground Saver packages is limited to
a maximum of one hundred dollars ($100) per package. Whenever goods are
damaged or lost in the course of transportation by UPS and a valid claim has
been filed as set forth in the UPS Tariff, UPS will pay, at its option, the
lowest of the following: the actual cost of the goods, the repair cost, the
replacement cost, or one hundred dollars ($100). Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, UPS shall have no liability for any loss of, or damage
to, any goods while in the care, custody or control of the USPS, or any other
third party.

UPS Ground Saver service is a service intended for the transportation of low
value packages; therefore, Customer agrees that the limitation of liability
set forth above is reasonable under the circumstances surrounding the
transportation. Accordingly, any packages that Customer ships using UPS Ground
Saver service will be subject to the limitation of liability contained in
these UPS Ground Saver Terms, and Customer acknowledges that it does not wish
to declare an additional value for any package to avoid the limitation of
liability set forth herein. If Customer inadvertently makes a declaration of
value in excess of the limit set forth herein, Customer and UPS will consider
such declaration to be null and void. Customer, on behalf of itself and its
consignees, waives any right or claim for loss or damage to a package in
excess of the limitation of liability set forth herein.

Customer agrees that a UPS delivery scan, including a driver release delivery
record or a record of delivery to the USPS, shall constitute valid and
conclusive proof of delivery. Where a delivery scan for a package has been
provided as proof of delivery, UPS shall not be liable for, and Customer
agrees to hold UPS harmless from, any and all claims arising from delivery of
such package, including loss, theft, non-delivery, or delayed delivery.

UPS’s exclusions of liability contained in the UPS Tariff are expressly
incorporated herein, as modified herein. Under no circumstances shall UPS be
liable for any special, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the
transportation of goods, including loss, misdelivery of, or damage to goods,
delayed delivery, or failure to attempt delivery in a timely manner. Under no
circumstances shall UPS be liable for any packages after tender to the USPS.

**This Agreement supersedes all other agreements between Customer and UPS
regarding UPS  Ground Saver Services. **

