---
title: U.S. Tax Interview FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVYFQEJQAF2TSYEH
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon requires that all sellers complete the U.S. Tax Identity Information
Interview.

You can provide your taxpayer identification information to Amazon by
completing the [self-service tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-
redirect) that will guide you through entering your taxpayer information and
validating your Form W-9 or W-8. To fulfill the IRS requirements as
efficiently as possible, answer all questions and enter all information
requested during the interview. Avoid misspellings or entering incorrect Tax
Identification Numbers, both of which can result in an invalidated tax form.

The answers you provide during the tax interview will automatically determine
which IRS form (W-8 or W-9) applies to you.

**Note:** This interview can only be accessed by the primary user of your
Selling on Amazon payment account.

#### Can Amazon help me with my tax return or assist me in completing the tax
interview?

While we are committed to helping sellers understand the requirements under
these tax regulations, we do not provide tax guidance. Please contact a tax
professional.

For tax guidance, go to [Service Provider
Network](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/tsba/searchpage/taxCategory?ref_=ag_agsSPN_cont_201062890&)
to contact a tax professional.

#### I am a U.S. taxpayer. What information do I need to provide to Amazon?

By completing the [self-service tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-
redirect) in your seller account, you will be providing Amazon the appropriate
tax identity in the form of a Form W-9 or W-8.

For U.S. taxpayers, a TIN is required by the IRS for the administration of tax
laws. In most cases, your TIN is either an Employer Identification Number
(EIN) or a Social Security Number (SSN).

#### I am a foreign seller and not a U.S. taxpayer. Do I need to provide any
information to Amazon?

Yes, even if you are a non-US taxpayer, you still need to provide us
information and the responses you give to the tax interview questions will
create the appropriate tax form on your behalf.

#### Will I be able to provide my VAT or GST number during the tax interview?

No, the interview does not collect information about VAT or GST. We will
continue to collect your VAT or GST information within the Account Info page
on Seller Central.

#### How do I determine the beneficial owner for my Selling Account?

For information on beneficial ownership, please visit the
[IRS](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/beneficial-
owners) website.

#### Will Amazon provide me with a copy of my Form W-8 or W-9?

Amazon does not provide paper copies of Form W-8 or W-9, but you will have an
option to download an electronic copy of your forms at the end of the tax
interview. Please retain a copy of all tax information you provide to Amazon.

#### I received an error message when trying to complete the tax interview.
What should I do?

The information provided during the tax interview needs to match the IRS
records.

  * If you are completing the U.S. Tax Identity Information Interview as an individual, use the information that appears on your Social Security card.
  * If you are completing the information as a business, use the name that appears on the top line of the address on your CP575A notice from the IRS.
  * Misspelling your name, not including your middle initial or middle name, or entering an incorrect Tax Identification Number (TIN) may cause validation of your form to fail.

U.S. Person:

  * **Individual** : Use the name that appears on your Social Security Card.
  * **Business** : Use the same name and Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) that appears on your entity’s tax return.
  * If you selected any type of federal tax classification other than "Individual/sole proprietor", use the following depending on the type of federal tax classification you selected:
    * C Corporation: Refer to CP575 notice to confirm your federal tax classification type or contact the IRS.
    * S Corporation: Refer to CP575 notice to confirm your federal tax classification type or contact the IRS.
    * Partnership: Use the name as it appears in the partnership agreement.
    * Trust: Use the name as it appears on the trust deed.
    * Limited Liability Company (LLC): Refer to CP575 notice to confirm your federal tax classification type or contact the IRS.
    * Other:
      * If you are a non-profit under Internal Revenue Code sections 501(c) or 501 (d), select “Other” as your federal tax classification and then select the first option, “An organization exempt from tax under section 501 (a), any IRA, or a custodial account under section 403(b)(7) if the account satisfies the requirements of section 401(f)(2)” under the “Other type” in the drop-down.
      * Please refer to the code section that states under 501(a), "An organization described in subsection (c) or (d) shall be exempt from taxation….” Therefore, by saying you are exempt under (a), you are saying that you are exempt under either (c) or (d).

Non U.S. person:

  * **Individual** and **Business** : Use the name that appears on your income tax returns.

#### I received an email stating that my tax identity information is invalid.
I thought I provided my correct information. Can you tell me why it came back
invalid?

We don't know exactly why your tax identity information came back as invalid,
but here are some things to consider:

  * For an individual, this typically means entering the name and Social Security Number (SSN) as they appear on your Social Security card.
  * For a business, this typically means entering your Employer Identification Number (EIN) and the name that appears on the notice you received with your EIN number.
  * If you are a single-member LLC, you can enter the business owner's SSN and name. Another option is to enter the EIN and business name. Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN.
  * More detailed information for ensuring you have provided valid tax information can be found in the FAQ provided above.

If you provided tax identity information and it came back invalid, you must
provide corrected tax identity information in order to retain your selling
privileges.

**Important:** Information in this document does not constitute tax, legal, or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. If you have other
questions, please contact your tax, legal, or other professional adviser.

