---
title: Use Fulfillment by Amazon to ship your Handmade products
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817680
section: General Documentation
---

You can use [Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)](/gp/help/53921) to send inventory to
one of our fulfillment centers. When a customer places an order, Amazon
packs/handles the stored inventory and ships it for you.

**Note:** Personalized or customized items are not eligible for Fulfillment by
Amazon and need to be fulfilled by you while your non-customized listings can
be enrolled in FBA.

## Why should you use Fulfillment by Amazon?

The benefits of using FBA include:

  * **Free shipping on eligible orders** : With FBA, your products are eligible for Amazon Prime free Two-Day Shipping and all Amazon customers can get free shipping on eligible orders.
  * **Customer service and returns** : Amazon provides customer service on your behalf and handles returns for FBA orders.
  * **Opportunities to reach new customers** : Programs such as [Lightning Deals](/gp/help/202043110), [Prime Exclusive Discounts](/gp/help/GZG6D3FZA9VSP4XH) and more, which can help you maximize sales and build customer trust.
  * **Tools to help you manage your business** : Choose from [optional services](/gp/help/G201074400) including product preparation, repackaging, and Amazon partnered carrier options.

We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the [FBA fees and rate
structure](https://services.amazon.com/fulfillment-by-amazon/pricing.html) to
ensure it is the right fit for you.

Use the FBA [Revenue Calculator](/fba/profitabilitycalculator/index) to
determine what your actual fulfillment costs will be and how this would impact
your margin.

**Note:** You can view our [Get started with FBA for
Handmade](/learn/courses?courseId=8&moduleId=f90ec82a-b1c1-411a-94d0-eb2573d64f8f&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube&ref_=su_courses_c0dac5ea1-1671-44ee-83d1-bf3f8ca39cac_mf90ec82a-b1c1-411a-94d0-eb2573d64f8f)
video on Seller University. Look under **Amazon Handmade and Custom** for
videos related to Handmade.

## Step 1: Convert your products to FBA

You must first create your listing as **Merchant Fulfilled** – this is the
default option. After you have created your listings as Merchant Fulfilled,
the following steps will walk you through the process of converting them to
FBA:

  

  1. On the [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory) page, identify the item that you want to convert to FBA.
  2. From the **Edit** drop-down list, select **Change to Fulfilled by Amazon**.
  3. This will direct you to the Set Your Fulfillment by Amazon Label Preferences page, where you will be asked to accept or decline label services. Go to [FBA Label Service](/gp/help/G200483750) for additional details.
  4. Click **Review Selection**.
  5. This will direct you to the Convert to 'Fulfilled by Amazon' page, where you will have options for **Convert Only** or **Convert & Send Inventory**.
     * If you want to continue creating your shipment, click **Convert & Send Inventory**.
     * If you want to keep adding inventory before creating your shipment, click **Convert only**.
  6. You will be asked to provide additional compliance information. Answer any questions and click **Save & Continue**.
  7. You can click **Convert** and be directed back to your **Manage Inventory** page for **Amazon-Fulfilled Inventory** listings, or click **Convert & Send Inventory** to create a shipping plan. See **Step 3: Create a shipping plan** for more details.

**Note:**

## Step 2: Prepare your FBA products

Proper preparation, packaging, and labeling helps ensure your products are
transported safely and securely to the fulfillment center and made available
quickly to customers.

For additional information on the prep and packaging requirements for FBA, see
[Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/G200141500) and [Shipping and
routing requirements](/gp/help/G200141510).

As hand-crafted products do not have a barcode attached to them, they must be
labeled individually with [FBA labels](/gp/help/200141490) containing an
Amazon barcode so that they can be received at Amazon’s fulfillment centers.

**Note:** Additional videos on preparing your shipment are available in Seller
University:

  * [Preparing products for FBA](/learn/courses?courseId=8&moduleId=40&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube&ref_=su_courses_c8_m40)
  * [Inventory prep requirements](/learn/courses?courseId=8&moduleId=430&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube&ref_=su_courses_c8_m430)
  * [Your first FBA shipment: Labeling](/learn/courses?courseId=8&moduleId=39&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube&ref_=su_courses_c8_m39)

## Step 3: Create a shipping plan

When you are ready to send inventory to Amazon, you begin by creating a
shipping plan. A shipping plan specifies:

  * The products you want to send to Amazon
  * The quantity of each product
  * The shipping method and carrier details

To learn about creating a shipping plan, go to [Send/replenish inventory to
Amazon](/gp/help/G201021820).

Once your products are received at the fulfillment center, they are available
for customers to buy. For more information, go to [How Amazon receives and
stores your inventory](/gp/help/G201081250) and [Manage FBA
orders](/gp/help/200141600).

[Replenishment alerts](/gp/help/200285580): Amazon will alert you when
remaining inventory falls below a threshold of your choosing. We suggest a
coverage of 4-8 weeks, which is likely to give you enough time to prepare/send
inventory and have it received before items sell out.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Is FBA right for me?

Determine if Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is right for your business by using
the [FBA Revenue Calculator](/hz/fba/profitabilitycalculator/index). This tool
allows you to calculate your FBA fees by entering the ASIN you consider
enrolling. There are no inventory minimums, so you control which and how many
items you enroll.

#### Can I create two listings - one with customizations and the other one
enrolled in FBA?

Yes, but modify the title so that the listing is not a duplicate. Send the
non-customizable SKU to FBA while your offer with customizations needs to be
fulfilled by you.

Examples:

You list a personalized necklace with chain lengths offered in 12”, 18” and
22”. You could offer one, two, or all three sizes without personalization
through FBA by creating a unique custom-disabled listing for each size. You
could also create a separate seller-fulfilled listing that offers engraving in
all three chain lengths.

You have multiple candles in five different colors. You could have an FBA
offer for your best-selling colors – green and blue – plus a seller-fulfilled
listing with customization options offering all five colors.

#### Why can't I convert my Handmade listing to FBA?

Listings must be custom-disabled. This means that attributes such as size or
color need to be fixed to be eligible.

#### How can I unsubscribe products from FBA?

  

  1. On the [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory) page, select the items you want to unsubscribe from FBA.
  2. From the **Action on selected** drop-down list, select **Change to Fulfilled by Merchant**.
  3. This will direct you to a confirmation page.
  4. Click **Yes, continue**.
  5. To remove your FBA inventory, go to [Remove inventory (overview)](/gp/help/200280650).

