---
title: Using the Report Infringement form
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GJFZJ63CR5BRSNAY
section: General Documentation
---

The Report Infringement form allows rights owners and their agents to report
potential intellectual property (IP) infringements like trademark, copyright,
patent, and design right violations. For more information about IP
infringements, go to [Intellectual property for rights
owners](/gp/help/GU5SQCEKADDAQRLZ).

You can report up to 50 products for the same infringement type and specific
issue in one report. To report different issues, submit one report for each
issue. You can enter up to 50 comma-separated Amazon Standard Identification
Numbers (ASINs), ISBN-10s, or product URLs. For more information about
entering ASINs in bulk, go to [Report Infringement form: Enter ASINs in
bulk](/gp/help/G7BSUWMDGZZMJYNK).

## Select content to report

Before you select content to report, review the following guidelines:

  * Be mindful of whether you’re selecting to report a specific offer or image associated with an ASIN or selecting the entire ASIN. When you select to report an entire ASIN, we’ll review the full ASIN, including all associated offers and images, for potential infringing content.
  * The type of content you select to report must be relevant to the infringement type and issue you’re reporting. For example, if you select an image, you won’t be able to report it for patent infringement. In this example, the option to select patent infringement will be disabled on the form, but other types of relevant infringement, such as copyright infringement, will be enabled. In the same example, if you actually wanted to report that the product shown in the image and shipped to customers infringes your patent, select the complete ASIN to report.

To report an ASIN, check the box next to the ASIN. By checking this box,
you’re indicating that you’d like to report the ASIN and all of its associated
offers and images.

To report specific offers or images associated with the ASIN, click **Show
offers** or **Show all images** and then check the box next to the appropriate
content.

Once you’ve made your selection, click the **Report # selected** dropdown that
appears at the top of the search results table. Then, select the type of
infringement you want to report from the menu.

## Report infringements

Once you’ve selected the type of infringement you want to report, you’ll
automatically be directed to a new page where we’ll ask for additional
information. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete your report.

**Copyright infringement**

  * First, select the specific copyright issue you want to report in response to the question, **What best describes your issue?** Options are enabled based on whether you’re reporting complete ASINs, offers, or images. If you want choose an option that is not enabled, return to the search results to update your selection.
  * If your copyrighted work is not registered, you can provide a link to an example of the work by selecting **Link to copyrighted work** along with a detailed description of the copyrighted work under **Provide more information to help us understand your issue**. Alternatively, you can provide a detailed description of the copyrighted work by selecting **Description of copyrighted work**.
  * To report copyright infringement on an offer, a test buy is required to confirm that the product or packaging uses your copyrighted work. If you received the item and confirmed that the product or packaging uses your copyrighted work, enter the order number in the **What is the order ID number?** field under **Additional information**.

**Patent infringement**

  * Ensure that you’re providing a valid patent number that’s active and enforceable in the jurisdiction of the Amazon store you’re signed in to.
  * If you select **Potential violation of my utility patent** , you must have a court order or International Trade Commission (ITC) order.
  * Amazon Patent Evaluation Express (APEX) application allows U.S. utility patent owners who don’t have a court order or ITC order to obtain a neutral evaluation of a patent infringement claim against ASINs listed on amazon.com. You can apply for APEX in [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry) Report a Violation tool. 
  * If you apply and your patent meets the program requirements, the reported sellers can opt in to the evaluation and defend their ASINs. If no sellers opt in or if the neutral evaluator finds that the reported ASINs infringe your patent, we will remove the reported ASINs. Once an evaluation is complete, successful utility patent owners are granted an APEX ID associated with this decision, brands can use the APEX ID from the successful evaluation to report future infringement of that U.S. utility patent through Report a Violation. To learn more about APEX, go to the [Brand Registry FAQ](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry/faq).

**Trademark infringement**

  * Ensure that you’re providing a valid trademark registration number that is enforceable in the jurisdiction of the Amazon store you’re signed in to (for example, United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for amazon.com).
  * To report trademark infringement on an offer, a test buy is required to confirm that the product or packaging uses your trademark; a test buy is not required when reporting a complete ASIN. If you received the item and confirmed that the product or packaging uses your trademark, enter the order number in the **What is the order ID number?** field under **Additional information**.
  * Reporting Counterfeit infringement requires a federally registered trademark. Common law and Pending trademark applications cannot be used as the basis for counterfeit infringement.

## Frequently asked questions

**How can I track the status of my report of infringement?**

An email will be sent to the email address you provided as your primary
contact information. Refer to this email to track the status of your report.

**How can I retract a report of infringement?**

To retract a report you previously submitted, use the [Notice Retraction
Form](https://www.amazon.com/report/infringement/retract). Only reports
submitted within the last 180 days can be retracted.

**Can agents who represent a brand use Amazon Brand Registry and its Report a
Violation tool?**

Yes. Once a rights owner has enrolled a brand in [Brand
Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/brandregistry), they are assigned
the roles of Rights Owner and Administrator. The administrator can then assign
the Registered Agent role to additional users by logging in to their Brand
Registry account and selecting “**User permissions** ” under “Settings.” note
that additional users will need their own Brand Registry account, which can be
created using their existing Vendor or Seller Central credentials.

For more information about Brand Registry roles, watch this video: [Manage
Amazon Brand Registry
roles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMKyHFo3kvE&initialSessionID=131-6532373-6388224&ld=NSGoogle).

