---
title: Using Fulfillment by Amazon for International Orders
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468510
section: General Documentation
---

An alternative way to fulfill your international orders is to use Fulfillment
by Amazon (FBA) in the country corresponding to the Amazon marketplace where
you are listing your products. Using FBA will require importing your products
into the country you want to sell them in and storing them in an Amazon
fulfillment center in that marketplace. The one exception to this case is if
you already sell in one of Amazon's European marketplaces and fulfill with FBA
in that marketplace. In that case, you can fulfill your orders from other EU
marketplaces using your current FBA account through the European Fulfillment
Network or Multi-Country Inventory (see below).  
  
The following chart summarizes instances where you will need to import your
products when using FBA:

Seller is based  |  FBA fulfillment center location  |  Importation required?   
---|---|---  
Outside the United States  |  United States  | Yes, products need to be imported into the U.S.   
Outside Canada  |  Canada  | Yes, products need to be imported into Canada.   
Outside Europe  | European marketplace countries: UK, Germany, France, Italy, or Spain | Yes, products need to be imported into Europe.   
In Europe  | European marketplace countries: UK, Germany, France, Italy, or Spain | No, goods don't need to be imported between EU member countries. If seller uses FBA, seller can use FBA international programs (see the **Fulfillment options in Europe** section below).  
Outside Japan  |  Japan  | Yes, products need to be imported into Japan.   
  
The following section covers what you need to know in order to plan for the
import process. As covered in [Register and Launch](/gp/help/201468440), you
will first need to create a seller account in the Amazon marketplace where you
want to sell and then enroll in FBA in that marketplace.

For more information about selling internationally and using FBA, see [Amazon
Global Selling](/gp/help/201062890), and [Program Policies](/gp/help/521) to
remind you about your obligations when using Fulfillment by Amazon.

## Sending inventory to an Amazon fulfillment center

If your inventory is located in a different country than the fulfillment
center, you need to export your products from the source country and import
them into the destination country. You will act as the exporter of record in
the source country and the importer of record in the destination country, and
must comply with all laws and regulations of the source and destination
countries. You may be subject to import taxes, customs duties, and fees levied
by the destination country. Here is an overview of the process:

  

  1. Create listings in Seller Central.
  2. Prepare a commercial invoice indicating that you are the importer of record.
  3. Choose a customs broker (this service may be offered by your carrier).
  4. Ship the products from the factory or warehouse to the port.
  5. Clear the products through customs for export.
  6. Load products onto a carrier for transport to the destination port.
  7. Ship products to the destination port and offload them.
  8. Clear the products through customs for import.
  9. Load products onto carrier for transport to the fulfillment center.

##  Fulfillment options in Europe

Selling in Europe allows you to leverage Amazon's fulfillment network. Not
only is listing simplified with a single Amazon European marketplace account,
but cross-border sales also can be easier to manage with Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA). In Europe, FBA offers three international fulfillment programs: Pan-
European FBA, the European Fulfillment Network, and Multi-Country Inventory.

**Pan-European FBA**

The Pan-European FBA program allows you to fulfill offers in all European
marketplaces from one inventory pool without incurring per-unit cross-border
Fulfillment Fees for the European Fulfillment Network. Amazon will distribute
your inventory across the European fulfillment network at no additional cost.
You can track your Pan-Europe FBA offers using all standard reports and tools
in Seller Central.

Once you enable Pan-European FBA in your Fulfillment by Amazon settings, Pan-
European FBA will become active for a product only after you create an active
FBA offer in each of the Amazon European marketplaces (Amazon.co.uk,
Amazon.de, Amazon.fr, Amazon.it, and Amazon.es) from the same inventory pool
and enroll the ASIN in Pan-European FBA.

Choose the country to which you wish to ship Pan-European FBA ASINs. Amazon
may then move this inventory across European fulfillment centers at its
discretion at no additional cost to you. This helps inventory be as close to
customers as possible.

Learn more about [Pan-European FBA](https://services.amazon.com/fulfillment-
by-amazon/pan-european-fba.html).

**European Fulfillment Network (EFN)**

If you're just getting started selling in Europe, we recommend using the
European Fulfillment Network (EFN). EFN is a simple way to store and ship your
inventory across all five of Amazon's European marketplaces. Here's how it
works:

  

  1. You ship your inventory to fulfillment centers in your home or local marketplace in Europe-for example, in the UK.
  2. You list the products in one or more of the Amazon European marketplaces, for example, on Amazon.de (German retail website).
  3. Customers across Europe can order your products, and Amazon fulfills those orders from that single pool of inventory. For example, when a customer in Germany purchases your product on Amazon.de, the product is fulfilled by Amazon and shipped from your inventory pool in the U.K.
  4. When customers track their orders, they can see where it is shipping from and the expected arrival time.

**Selecting the European Fulfillment Network**

If you are registered for Fulfillment by Amazon, you can use EFN with no
additional registration or startup costs. Simply add your listings to each
Amazon European marketplace where you want to sell. When those products sell,
you pay a fee for each order shipped outside your home marketplace through
EFN, in addition to your other FBA fees.

Learn more about [EFN Fees](https://services.amazon.co.uk/services/fulfilment-
by-amazon/pricing.html).

**Multi-Country Inventory (MCI)**

You can reduce the time it takes for an order to get to your customer by using
Multi-Country Inventory (MCI). MCI is an optional international fulfillment
program offered through Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) that helps you grow your
international sales by making your offers more competitive. With MCI, you send
your most popular inventory directly to the countries where customers are
buying, so the products are close to your customers. When customers order your
products, Amazon can ship and deliver them faster.

Even if you fulfill domestic orders yourself, you can gain a competitive edge
in the international marketplaces where you sell by fulfilling locally with
MCI. You can either choose to fulfill your entire listings or just your best-
selling items locally through MCI -there are no minimum requirements.

**Selecting Multi-Country Inventory**

In order to take advantage of MCI, you can create offers in any Amazon
European marketplaces with Amazon's **Build International Listings** tool.
When you enable MCI, you will be able to select from the available countries
to send inventory.

