---
title: USPS Shipping Services and Restrictions
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200204090
section: General Documentation
---

The United States Postal Service (USPS) reserves the right to refuse packages
submitted to them after the original ship date printed on the shipping label.
This and all other USPS policies apply to all USPS services.  
  
For more information about shipping models and settings, go to [Shipping
overview](/gp/help/200342080).

## Domestic

Refer to the following pages on the USPS website for information about the
applicable shipping service:

  * [Ground Advantage](https://www.usps.com/ship/ground-advantage.htm)
  * [Media Mail](https://www.usps.com/ship/mail-shipping-services.htm)
  * [Priority Mail](https://www.usps.com/ship/priority-mail.htm)
  * [Priority Mail Express](https://www.usps.com/ship/priority-mail-express.htm)

## Transit Times

Buy Shipping provides sellers with protection from negative feedback and
delivery delays when purchasing labels. To proactively protect our customers
and sellers, we adjust the transit time for certain ship from and ship to
pairs based on historical performance for each product. This may result in a
shipping product not being available in Buy Shipping for an order when
originally expected to be.

## APO and FPO addresses

  * For packages, the measurement of the longest side plus the distance around the thickest part cannot be more than 130 inches.
  * The standard USPS transit times do not apply to APO and FPO addresses. Transit times depend on the specific APO or FPO address. For example, the transit time to a fleet PO is different from the transit time to a domestic Army base.
  * Delivery confirmation for APO and FPO packages only confirm that the military has received the package. There is no confirmation that the intended recipient has received the package.

## International

Refer to the following pages on the USPS website for information about the
applicable shipping service:

  * [First Class Mail International](https://www.usps.com/international/mail-shipping-services.htm)
  * [Priority Mail International](https://www.usps.com/international/priority-mail-international.htm)
  * [Express Mail International](https://www.usps.com/international/priority-mail-express-international.htm)

## Restrictions

Items shipped using **USPS Priority Mail** , **Priority Mail Express** , and
**Ground Advantage** may be subject to nonstandard size fees and dimension
noncompliance fees in some circumstances.

Nonstandard size fees may be charged if your package meets any of the
following:

  * Length between 22 and 30 inches long, you will be charged an EPH fee of $4.00
  * Length more than 30 inches long, you will be charged a fee of $7.00
  * Cube more than 2 cubic feet (3,456 cubic inches), you will be charged a fee of $15.00

**Note:** A package may be assessed a nonstandard size fee twice, if
measurements exceed the restrictions for both length and cube. If a package
only exceeds the length restrictions, or only exceeds the cube restrictions,
then only a single nonstandard size fee shall apply. For example, a package
31” long and over 2 cubic feet, will be assessed $30.00 (>30” fee of $15 and
>2 cu. ft. fee of $15).

**Services affected** : Domestic, retail and commercial Priority mail express,
Priority mail pieces, and Ground Advantage mail pieces.

A dimension non-compliance fee may apply to packages that are greater than one
cubic foot or have a length greater than 22 inches, if the dimensions provided
are missing or inaccurate.

The Dimension Noncompliance Fee is a new fee of $1.50 that will be assessed on
commercial parcels that are greater than one cubic foot or have a length
greater than 22 inches, if the dimensions provided in the electronic manifest
file are missing or inaccurate.

**Services affected:** Commercial Priority mail express, Priority mail, and
Ground Advantage mail pieces.

Items shipped using **USPS Priority Mail Flat Rate** products must fit within
the provided packaging. For Flat Rate envelopes, these dimensions are defined
by cubic inches (L x W x H).

Flat Rate envelope: No more than 180 cubic inches.

Padded Flat Rate envelope: No more than 240 cubic inches.

Legal Flat Rate envelope: No more than 220 cubic inches.

For restrictions on other USPS Priority Mail Flat Rate products, reference the
[USPS Priority Mail page](https://www.usps.com/ship/priority-mail.htm).

USPS Priority Mail Cubic Restrictions:

  * Cubic pricing for soft pack is not available from Buy Shipping at this time.
  * Package should be a box and not a roll, tube, soft-pack, or envelope.
  * Box must not exceed 20 lb.
  * Longest side of any measurement is 18 inches or less.
  * Total cubic volume of the box is 0.50 cubic feet or less.
  * For accurate pricing, measure the length, width, and height in inches. Round down each measurement to the nearest 1/4 inch. For example, 6-1/8" x 5-7/8" x 6-3/8" is rounded down to 6" x 5-3/4" x 6-1/4".
  * To calculate cubic volume, multiply the length by the width by the height and divide by 1728. For example: 6" x 5-3/4" x 6-1/4" = 215.6 divided by 1728 = 0.125.

Areas with no street delivery: The USPS has certain ZIP Codes in the U.S.
where they do not offer street delivery. These are also addresses not
validated by the USPS. When a package is sent to these addresses, the
customers are required to come and pick up their packages at the post office.
In order to provide the best customer experience, and to comply with the
Americans with Disabilities Act, orders for these ZIP Codes will have a
carrier that is able to deliver to the customer address in **Buy Shipping**.

