---
title: Value-recovery services
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GBEP5S4XFH4RPZLF
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon offers multiple value-recovery services to help you recover value from
excess and customer-returned inventory, avoid storage fees, and prevent the
disposal of inventory.

## FBA Liquidations

Instead of paying to remove or dispose of excess or customer-returned FBA
inventory, you can choose to use FBA Liquidations to have the inventory
liquidated through a liquidator. Based on contracted rates, liquidators will
purchase this inventory for a gross recovery value, which is about 5% to 10%
of its average selling price (ASP). Amazon will then deduct fees and pay you
the net recovery value. For more information, including product eligibility
and fees applied, go to [FBA
Liquidations](/help/hub/reference/GYVCG5Q3BEJ6MLMF).

## Amazon Outlet

In addition to participating in the FBA Liquidations program, you can also
earn recovery value for your excess inventory by enrolling it in [Amazon
Outlet](/gp/help/GHLYT4TPVCY2MJE3).

You can review Outlet deal recommendations in the [FBA
Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) tool and create deals to
be featured on the [Outlet page](https://www.amazon.com/outlet) once approved
by Amazon. This option can increase sell-through, improve cash flow, optimize
inventory levels, and reduce total storage fees. For more information, go to
[Amazon Outlet](/gp/help/GHLYT4TPVCY2MJE3).

## Refurbishment

FBA provides [repackaging and refurbishment
services](/help/hub/reference/201505310) for items in which the packaging is
damaged but the item is otherwise sellable. Repackaging is automatic for
eligible items, while refurbishment is an optional service. You can opt in or
out of refurbishment services by changing refurbishment settings in your
[Automated unfulfillable settings](/recoveryui/removal-setting/automated-
unfulfillable) at any time.

When you enable Refurbishment option, depending on the item, FBA can re-tape,
re-glue, and re-staple boxes; remove excessive tape, non-product labels, and
stickers; and re-box branded and unbranded corrugated boxes. Shoes and apparel
refurbishment can include steaming and removing stains and odors. For more
information about eligibility and fees applied, see [FBA repackaging and
refurbishment services](/help/hub/reference/201505310).

## FBA Grade and Resell

FBA Grade and Resell is an invitation-only program. It allows you to relist
and sell unfulfillable inventory as **Used** , instead of paying to return or
dispose of the inventory. Once you have received your invitation, enroll in
FBA Grade and Resell in your [Automated unfulfillable
settings](/recoveryui/removal-setting/automated-unfulfillable).

When you submit an item, Amazon evaluates the condition and creates the
listing on your behalf, with you as the seller on record. You set the price
and manage the listing as you do for your current new and used items. At the
time of relisting, a processing fee applies. No processing fee applies for
submitted items that are graded as **Unsellable**. For more information, go to
[FBA Grade and Resell](/help/hub/reference/GUA6RV6UA4DR2MFK).

## FBA Donations program

The FBA Donations program makes it possible for you to automatically donate
your unwanted inventory to select US charities. This program is available only
for inventory stored in US fulfillment centers. For inventory donated through
this program, our usual [disposal fees](/gp/help/200685050) apply.

Sellers are enrolled in FBA Donations by default. When you’re enrolled in the
program, we’ll evaluate all of your eligible product disposals for donation.
You can opt out by disabling **FBA Donations program** in [Fulfillment by
Amazon settings](/fba/settings/index.html/ref=xx_fbasettings_dnav_xx#/) at any
time. Disposals that are made after you opt out will no longer be eligible for
the program. For more information, go to [FBA Donations
program](/help/hub/reference/GVCFMKLPUTBXE7L5).

