---
title: Variation relationship FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201951410
section: General Documentation
---

## How do I create a product that includes variations one at a time?  
  
To learn more about how to create product variations using the Add Product
tools, watch the following Seller University video.

## How do I create a product that includes variations using an upload?

To learn more about how to create product variations in bulk, click the
following Seller University video.

## How to reassign a child item to a new parent?

To reassign a child item to a new parent:  

  1. Delete the child item (removes its relationship to the parent). You may need to wait 24 hours before you can re-use your SKU.
  2. Re-add the child item, replacing the old value in its **Parent SKU** field with the SKU of the new parent.
  3. Validate and upload the completed product template.

## How do I combine two ASINs into one variation family?

Refer to **Create a new variation family by combining existing standalone
listings within your catalog** section in [Add a variation using Variation
Wizard](/gp/help/G202034620).

## Can I enter a variation if there isn't a variation field?

If you do not see a variation field, this product category does not allow
variations. You can create variations in most product categories on
Amazon.com, and variation themes differ by category. In product templates, you
use variation themes (for example, Size, Color, SizeColor) to describe how
your items vary.

To view a list of available variation themes, download the product templates
template for your item’s category and refer to the valid values tab for a list
of available variation themes.

## Can I create a variation relationship among unrelated products?

Variation relationships are only allowed for products which are functionally
identical and only differ on some key aspect such as color and size (variation
theme). Unrelated products cannot be part of the same variation family. While
creating variations, it is important to ensure that the parent and child
listings within a family have a similar product type, brand, title and images.

To understand if your products qualify for a variation relationship, go to
[Determine variations for your products](/gp/help/G201958220).

## How do I separate child ASINs into individual ASINs?

  

  1. Delete the child item (removes its relationship to the parent). You may need to wait 24 hours before you can re-use your SKU.
  2. Re-add the SKU but do not include fill in any of the Variation fields. 
  3. Validate and upload the completed inventory template. 

##  Is there a limit for the number of child ASINs that display on the detail
page?

Yes. Variation families with more than 2000 child ASINs will not be displayed
on the detail page.

**Note:** Professional sellers can use product templates to list variations
with 2000 child ASINs. However, Add a Product tool only has the option of
adding 250 Child ASINs at once.

## Can you create a variation relationship on my behalf?

No. We do not create variations on behalf of sellers.

## Who is making changes to my variation family?

We reserve the right to manage variation families on behalf of the customer
experience, including adding products that vary by key attributes such as
color or size, but share the same functionalities. We do this to ensure that
the customer has access to all variants of the products on the same detail
page even when they are being offered by different sellers.

Similarly, when we identify that an unrelated product has been erroneously
added to a variation family, we take corrective action by moving the unrelated
products to a compatible variation family or making them standalone.

## What should I do when the variation exists in the back-end but the detail
pages for the child ASINs do not show an active variation family?

It can take up to two hours after submitting a listing for the variations to
appear on the detail page. If variations do not appear on the detail page
after that duration, contact [Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub?ref=/cu/contact-us).

## What should I do if I think that variations are being hijacked by another
seller?

When multiple sellers sell the same product through a single detail page,
Amazon combines and presents the best product data to ensure customers get the
best experience. This suggests that others sellers can change variation
families. If you believe a bad actor has manipulated a variation family, such
as by adding an invalid product or removing a valid product, contact [Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=/cu/contact-us).

## How are products sorted on Amazon detail page?

Amazon follows standard mechanism based upon the categorization of the product
and will differ as per the variation theme. For Example–A variation family for
apparel products which is variated on size should be sorted from the smallest
to the largest available size. i.e. S , M, L, XL, XXL, XXXL

If you believe that products in your variation family are not correctly
sorted, contact selling partner support.

**Note:** Amazon would not entertain preferential sorting requests.
(Example–color red should be displayed before blue, size L should be displayed
before M and so on)

## What to do if you notice an incorrect product linked to your variation
family?

If you believe a listing policy violation has occurred, submit your concern
and the following information via the [account health
dashboard](https://share.amazon.com/abuse-submission/index.html).

## How are variations displayed in search results?

Amazon displays the bestselling child ASIN from a variation family in the
search results. When the customer clicks on the child ASIN, all variants of
the variation family would be displayed to the customer for selection and
purchase.

## How are reviews shared in variation?

Products in a variation family share reviews among themselves when the parent
and child ASINs share the same brand, category and other key attributes. Note
that it may take a while for reviews to appear if changes have been made to
the variation family. i.e. child ASINs have been added or removed.

## Why am I unable to create the variation family for all the child listings
including the inactive ones?

Variation family can be successfully created only if the parent ASIN and
respective child ASINs are in active status. If any child ASIN is showing as
inactive in Seller Central, it won’t be added into the variation family.

## I do not want to continue this variation family, however, I am unable to
delete the variation from the detail page.

A variation can be sold by several sellers and hence, even if you delete it
from your inventory, it can be visible on the detail page. However, note that
if the system identifies the variation family as a valid variation with no
inconsistency on the brand, product type or category, it will not be removed.

## I have a child ASIN in my inventory that is inactive. Can you remove it
from the variation family? What should I do if I believe that this ASIN is
incorrectly grouped under its parent variation?

If a child ASIN is inactive, it won't be displayed on the detail page.
Therefore, there's no requirement to remove it from the variation family.

However, if you believe that the child ASIN isn't the right fit or grouped
incorrectly under its parent variation, you can report this as a violation.
Your report will be reviewed and appropriate action will be taken based on the
information provided.

**Note:** In order to remove a listing, the ASIN should be part of the
variation family on the detail page not as a standalone listing on the detail
page.

