---
title: Variations on product detail pages
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202135360
section: General Documentation
---

Variations (also known as parent-child relationships) are sets of products
that are related to one another. Good variation relationship listings allow
customers to compare and choose products based on different attributes such as
size, color, or other characteristics from the available options on a single
product detail page.

Not every category supports parent-child relationships, and not every
variation is appropriate for a parent-child relationship. If an appropriate
variation theme exists for your products, you must include your products in a
parent-child relationship.

Parent-child relationships help to make search results manageable for
customers. For example, you might offer a shirt that comes in four colors and
four sizes. Rather than display all 16 unique combinations of the product in
search results, only the one product from the parent-child grouping appears.
The specific product that appears depends on the category.

**Note:** Variation families with more than 2000 child ASINs will not be
displayed on the product detail page.

## Images on variations

The images displayed on a variation detail page will behave depending on the
dimensions available for a buyer to choose from. Dimensions are the options
given to the customer to choose the right product variant, for example size,
color or style.

In a variation we can find two types of dimensions:  

  1. Visual dimension: These are options where a significant visual difference is applied to the product variant. The images in the detail page will change depending on the option selected. For example, color or pattern variants.
  2. Non-visual dimension: This is one where regardless of the option selected, there is not going to be a visual impact on the product detail page and the images will remain the same. For example, size variants.

**Note:** The product detail page will display only the images contributed by
the best-selling child for each variant on the visual dimension.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/SEDIT-251247/SEDIT-251247.png)

**Note:** Dimensions will depend on the type of product and are subject to
change at any time.

## Product detail pages in the Clothing, Accessories & Luggage, Sporting
Goods, and Beauty categories

The Clothing, Accessories & Luggage, Sporting Goods, and Beauty categories
display the parent products on product detail pages. This means that display
elements such as product title and description appear from the data associated
with the parent product.

Before customers can buy the product, they must first use the drop-down menus
on the product detail page to indicate which child product they want to buy.
Selecting options from the drop-down menus does not load a new product detail
page.

For example, in Clothing, when customers look for a t-shirt, the parent
product appears:

  * When customers select the t-shirt listing, the product detail page shows the parent product.
  * Customers select a size or color from the drop-down menu.

## Product detail pages in all other categories

All other categories display only the best-selling child product in search
results and on product detail pages. Display elements such as product title
and price appear from the data associated with the best-selling child product.

Clicking the product loads the product detail page for the best-selling child
product. From this page, customers can view other child products from the same
grouping using a drop-down menu or product images.

For example, Candies come in different sizes. In the search results below, one
variety appears because that is the best-selling child product among the other
size variations:

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/31/rainer/G202135360_How_variations_appear_on_product_detail_pages.png)  

Clicking one listing opens the product detail page, which offers other
products in the same variation. After making a selection, the customer buys
the product.

##  Resources:

  * [About parent-child relationships](/gp/help/G8841)
  * [Create parent-child relationships](/gp/help/202135320)

