---
title: Veeqo
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GPW2UV7N2KW2GZHD
section: General Documentation
---

## What is Veeqo?

Veeqo is a free multichannel shipping software that allows you to fulfill
orders across multiple online stores. You can import your orders from multiple
stores and manage them in one place. Veeqo connects with Amazon, eBay, Etsy,
Shopify, among others, and it offers Amazon’s Buy Shipping rates for all of
your orders: Amazon and other channels. If you prefer to use your own carrier
rates, you can connect your account and use your rates. When you use Veeqo,
you'll also earn up to 5% back on eligible shipments with Veeqo Credits.

For more information, go to [Veeqo](https://help.veeqo.com/en/).

## What are the benefits of using Veeqo?

Veeqo allows you to use Amazon’s Buy Shipping rates for orders across multiple
sales channels including eBay, Etsy, Shopify, and others. Additional benefits
include: automatic rate selection that automatically chooses the best value
label for each order, faster bulk shipping, and automated shipping rules that
allow you to set up weight, value, delivery options, and other specifications
in advance.

Veeqo is connected to Amazon Buy Shipping, meaning for every Amazon order, you
get extra benefits:

  * A-to-z Guarantee claim protection against claims where a customer reports a problem with delivery, if you purchase shipping labels through Veeqo and ship on time. Amazon will cover the cost of these claims, and they will not affect your Order Defect Rate. 
  * All labels purchased will send a valid tracking ID, meaning you maintain your 100% valid tracking rate.

## How do I set up a Veeqo account?

To create a Veeqo account and start shipping, go
to[Veeqo](https://app.veeqo.com/signup)

## How do I reach Veeqo Seller Support?

Veeqo is an Amazon-owned company, but it's a separate company that has its own
support team and [help center](https://help.veeqo.com). If you have more
questions, contact the Veeqo support team via email at
[helpme@support.veeqo.com](mailto:helpme@support.veeqo.com) or via a live chat
by clicking the help icon in the top right corner of your Veeqo account.

## Why are my orders not shipping on Veeqo?

  * For missing orders, go to [Troubleshoot orders not syncing](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803071-troubleshoot-orders-not-syncing).

## How do I connect Amazon to Veeqo?

For frequently asked questions on Amazon Integration, go to [Amazon
overview](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/7238349-amazon-overview).

To connect your Amazon store, go to [Connecting your Amazon
store](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6348824-connecting-your-amazon-
store).

## How do I connect Etsy to Veeqo?

To connect to your Etsy store, go to [Connecting your Etsy
store](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803078-setting-up-your-etsy-store)

## How can I split a shipment across more than one parcel using Veeqo?

To split your shipments, go to [Split an order into several
packages](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6707987-split-an-order-into-
several-packages).

## How can I troubleshoot errors with USPS in Veeqo?

  * To troubleshoot your USPS shipping errors, go to [Troubleshooting USPS shipping errors](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3806923-troubleshooting-usps-shipping-errors).
  * For more information on USPS return labels, go to [USPS return labels](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/4043893-usps-return-labels).

## How can I troubleshoot errors with UPS in Veeqo?

  * To troubleshoot your UPS shipping errors, go to [Troubleshooting UPS shipping errors](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6479014-troubleshooting-ups-shipping-errors).
  * For more information, go to [UPS overview](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6561304-ups-overview).

## Why are my products not syncing with Veeqo?

For more information on why your products are not syncing with Veeqo, go to
[Troubleshooting products not
syncing](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6492162-troubleshoot-products-not-
syncing)

## How do I merge my products in Veeqo?

To merge your products, go to [Review and merge
products](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6794835-review-and-merge-
products).

## How do I add or update product details in Veeqo?

  * To create your product, go to [Create and edit a product](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6553636-create-and-edit-a-product).
  * To make bulk updates to your product, go to [Bulk update products by CSV](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3806736-bulk-update-products-by-csv).

## How do I import or export products to a CSV file in Veeqo?

  * To export your products to a CSV file, go to [Export products to CSV](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3806747-export-products-to-csv).
  * To solve product CSV import error messages, go to [Solve product CSV import errors](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3806744-solve-product-csv-import-errors).
  * To update stock levels via CSV, go to [Import stock levels via CSV](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/4248281-import-stock-levels-via-csv).

## I am having trouble with a listing in Veeqo

  * To link your listings, go to [Advanced listings management](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3799262-advanced-listings-management).
  * To troubleshoot the products that are not syncing, go to [Troubleshoot products not syncing](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6492162-troubleshoot-products-not-syncing).
  * For more information about the differences between products and listings, go to [Products vs. listings](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/5898538-products-vs-listings).

## Why are my orders not syncing to Veeqo?

For more information on why orders are not syncing, go to[Troubleshoot Orders
not Syncing](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803071-troubleshoot-orders-
not-syncing)

## Why is my order status not updating from Veeqo?

To troubleshoot order issues, go to [Troubleshooting order
issues](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6492512-troubleshooting-order-
issues)

## My products aren't syncing in Veeqo

To troubleshoot products that are not syncing, go to [Troubleshoot products
not syncing](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6492162-troubleshoot-products-
not-syncing)

## Can I create multiple printing templates in Veeqo

For more information, go to the following help pages:

  * [Editing your printing templates](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6344026-editing-your-printing-templates)
  * [Mutlibrand templates](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6948356-multibrand-templates)

## I am struggling with setting my rules in Veeqo

For more on setting rules in Veeqo, go to the following help pages:

  * [Rules overview](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3804166-order-rules-overview)
  * [Available order rule conditions](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3804189-available-order-rule-conditions)

## While using Veeqo I have identified an issue with the order CSV

For more information, go to [Export orders via
CSV](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803982-export-orders-via-csv).

## I'm having an address issue with Veeqo.

  * To troubleshoot shipping related errors, go to [Troubleshoot orders not shipping and missing services](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6492145-troubleshoot-orders-not-shipping-and-missing-services).
  * To validate an address, go to [Address validation](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/5714584-address-validation).

## The sales report in Veeqo doesn't seem to be working correctly

For more information, go to [Sales
report](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803843-sales-report)

## I'm having trouble with Veeqo's product report

For more information, go to [Product
report](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3803858-product-report).

## I have some questions about Veeqo's demand forecast

For more information, go to the following help pages:

  * [Demand forecast](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3804308-demand-forecast)
  * [Setting re-order levels](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3806756-set-re-order-levels)

## My Inventory Value report in Veeqo seems to be incorrect

For more information, go to [Inventory value
report](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/5059430-inventory-value-report)

## I'm having an issue with my Veeqo Scanner.

For more information, go to the following help pages:

  * [The Veeqo Scanner (PM85)](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/8153290-the-veeqo-scanner-pm85)
  * [Getting started with the Veeqo Scanner (PM85)](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/8306810-getting-started-with-the-veeqo-scanner-pm85)
  * [Veeqo Scanner (PM85) - Troubleshooting and returns](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/8185870-veeqo-scanner-pm85-troubleshooting-and-returns)

## How do I identify and merge orders from the same customer?

For more information go to [Merge
orders](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/8837807-merge-orders).

## How do I sort order tables by SKU, customer, or bin location?

For more information, go to [Order views and table
customization](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/3802856-order-views-and-
table-customization).

## How do I fulfill orders from the location nearest to my customer?

For more information, go to [Adding & prioritizing locations in your store
settings](https://help.veeqo.com/en/articles/6361446-adding-prioritizing-
locations-in-your-store-settings).

