---
title: Veterinary Diets frequently asked questions for selling partners
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVT4E3624NJ6DRS9
section: General Documentation
---

#### What are Veterinary Diets?

Veterinary Diets are dog and cat food products intended for the nutritional
management of these animals in varying states of health, including those with
illnesses and other related conditions as diagnosed by a veterinarian.

#### Why do Veterinary Diets need to be sold under the direction of a
veterinarian?

It is our policy that Veterinary Diets need to be sold under the direction of
a veterinarian. For more information, see [Animals & Animal-Related
Products](/gp/help/G200164370).

#### What type of information will you ask customers to provide when they
purchase Veterinary Diets?

At checkout, we will ask customers to provide information about their pet and
veterinarian, so we can check their order with their veterinarian before the
product is shipped.

#### For seller-fulfilled orders, how will the veterinarian confirmation
process affect when I can ship product to the customer?

Orders will remain in 'Pending' status until we can confirm the order with the
customerâ€™s veterinarian. If we have confirmed the order, the order will become
eligible for shipping confirmation and posted to your order report as
'Unshipped'. Orders that are not confirmed will be canceled and the customer
will be notified.

#### What do I do if a customer contacts me about an order that I do not see
or remains in 'Pending' status?

Do not ship an order while in Pending status, even if the customer contacts
you directly. If a customer contacts you while an order is in Pending status
(for example, to cancel a pending order), refer them to Amazon Customer
Service for more information. More information on Pending Orders can be found
[here](/gp/help/G40571).

#### Does this Veterinary Diet process apply to all Amazon stores?

No, only in the US.

#### What Veterinary Diet listings can I list on?

In order for your offers to go through the confirmation process for Veterinary
Diets, you must ensure that your offers are placed on one of the existing
Veterinary Products.

You can search our [catalog](/product-search?ref=xx_catadd_dnav_xx) to add
your offers to existing Veterinary Diet listings by following the steps under
"Match to an existing product listing" on our help page
[here](/gp/help/G200220550).

