---
title: Vine enrollment fee for sellers
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G4GZ9J4UZ35VEH6G
section: General Documentation
---

Vine enrollment fee is charged once per [parent ASIN](/gp/help/G8841)
enrollment.

## Fee details

**Vine unit** refers to a single quantity of any product enrolled in vine.

Units Enrolled | Maximum number of units available to be ordered by Vine reviewers (minimum1 and maximum 30)  
---|---  
Time of Charge | 30 days from the date of enrollment if the product has received the first Vine review  
Fee structure | Rate is based on the number of units enrolled per ASIN enrollment  
  
## Rate card (until October 18, 2023)

Enrollments created before October 19, 2023, are subject to $200.

##  Rate card (effective October 19, 2023)

Vine enrollment fee will be charged once per parent ASIN depending on the
number of units enrolled. The enrollment fee will be billed after 30 days from
the date of enrollment if the product has received at least one Vine review.
If no review is received within the first 30 days, then billing will occur
when the first Vine review is created before the enrollment concludes. You can
add units to your enrollment within 30 days of the start date. Removing units
is not allowed. If added units move you into a higher rate tier, an increase
in rates will apply.

**Note:** The fee charged does not depend on the number of units claimed by
reviewers or number of reviews received.

Units Enrolled | Vine Enrollment Fee  
---|---  
1-2 | $0  
3-10 | $75  
11-30 | $200  
  
## Fee example

Example 1: Seller enrolls three units for an ASIN and receives one Vine review
within 10 days of enrollment.

Seller will be charged $75 after 30 days from the date of enrollment since the
product has received the first Vine review within that timeframe. If no review
is received within the first 30 days, then billing will occur when the first
Vine review is created.

Example 2: Seller enrolls two units for an ASIN and receives two Vine reviews
within 90 days.

Seller will not be charged for the enrollment as they enrolled two units at
parent-ASIN level.

Example 3: Seller enrolls two units for the parent ASIN with five child ASINs
and receives two reviews for the enrollment.

Seller will not be charged for the enrollment as they enrolled two units at
parent-ASIN level.

**Note:** In Example 3, Amazon Vine reviewers can place up to two orders on
any of the five child ASINs enrolled under the parent-ASIN and submit up to
two reviews on the enrollment. More information on parent child relationship,
go to [Parent-child relationships](/gp/help/G8841).

Example 4: Seller enrolls four units for the parent ASIN with or without child
ASINs. The Seller later stops enrollment after two units are claimed and
receives two reviews for the enrollment.

Seller will be charged $75 after 30 days from the date of enrollment if the
product has received the first Vine review. If no review is received within
the first 30 days, then billing will occur when the first Vine review is
created. The enrollment fee only depends on the number of units enrolled and
does not depend on the number of units claimed.

Example 5: Seller enrolls four units for the parent ASIN. The seller later
adds 10 more units within the first 30 days of enrollment creation and
receives four reviews for the enrollment.

Seller will be charged $200 after 30 days from the date of enrollment if the
product has received the first Vine review. If no review is received within
the first 30 days, then $200 will be charged when the first Vine review is
created.

Example 6: Seller enrolls two units for the parent ASIN. The seller later adds
five more units within the first 30 days of enrollment creation and receives
three reviews for the enrollment.

Seller will be charged $75 after 30 days from the date of enrollment if the
product has received the first Vine review. If no review is received within
the first 30 days, then billing will occur when the first Vine review is
created.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Will my currently enrolled products in the program be impacted by this
change?

No, the new rate card will only be applicable to products enrolled on or after
October 19, 2023.

#### Where can I preview the Vine enrollment fee before submission?

The confirmation screen will display the applicable Vine fee for the
enrollment.

#### When will the enrollment fee be charged?

The enrollment fee will be billed after 30 days from the date of enrollment if
the product has received the first Vine review. If no review is received
within the first 30 days, then billing will occur when the first Vine review
is created before the enrollment concludes.

#### Can I add more units to an already submitted enrollment?

Yes, you can modify your enrollment within 30 days of the start date. However,
note that you can only **add** more units during this period. **Removing units
is not allowed.**.

#### Can I re-enroll an ASIN in Vine?

No, you cannot re-enroll the ASIN or any other variation of the parent ASIN if
the initial enrollment has at least 1 claimed unit.

#### What will happen if the product does not get any reviews?

We wonâ€™t charge the Vine enrollment fee if no reviews are received or if the
first Vine review is published more than 90 days from the enrollment
submission date.

#### Will I be charged if I enrolled three or more units but received only one
Vine review?

Yes, the rate is determined by the number of enrolled units, provided that at
least one Vine review is received.

#### Can I get a refund if I do not like the rating or review?

No, we encourage authentic feedback about products and services that can be
positive or negative as stated in our [Community
Guidelines](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201929730).
Amazon is unable to provide refund on Vine fees once the fee has been charged.

#### Will I be charged multiple times if I enroll an ASIN in multiple Amazon
stores?

Yes, the enrollment fee will be charged per country.

#### Do I pay FBA and referral fees on Vine enrolled units?

Yes, FBA and referral fees are applicable to Vine orders. For more information
on fees, visit [FBA fee](/gp/help/GPDC3KPYAGDTVDJP) and [Referral
fee](/gp/help/GTG4BAWSY39Z98Z3).

#### Where can Vine enrollment fee charges be viewed?

You can use Payments report to locate Vine enrollment fees charged to your
account.  

  1. Select **Payments** under **Reports** in Seller Central.
  2. Select **Transaction View** on the **Payments** dashboard.
  3. Select **Transaction Type** as **Service Fees**.
  4. Select the **Date range** and click **Update**.
  5. Look for transaction with **Product Details** as **Vine Enrollment Fee**.

#### Will my fee be taxable?

This fee may be taxable depending on the tax rules applicable in the country
where you are selling and the country, state, province, and territory where
your business is located. If your fee is taxable, you will see tax applied on
the transaction detail page.

For additional information, go to the following resources:

  * Business located within the country: 
    * [Tax on U.S. Seller Fees](/gp/help/GA65GGD8MR46A2WL)
  * Business located outside the country: 
    * [Tax on Remote Services FAQ](/gp/help/external/GZVGU4JR7Z75BB5E)

