---
title: What is a deferred transaction?
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLRNLZDAKHDBBVBY
section: General Documentation
---

A deferred transaction is a transaction that will be paid out to you at a
future date. Most transactions are deferred for some period of time before
they are paid out.

You can view a list of your deferred transactions on the [Transaction
view](/payments/event/view) page. On this page, select "Transaction Status" as
**Deferred transactions** from the dropdown, and click **Update** to see
deferral reasons and the expected payment release date for all deferred
transactions. After the payment release date, transaction status will update
to **Released**. Note that only released transactions are included for payout
in a settlement period.

## Why is my transaction deferred?

A transaction is deferred while an order is awaiting delivery or pending buyer
payment.

The following are the deferral reasons you may see on the Transaction view
page:

#### Delivery date policy (Orders are awaiting delivery)

Orders placed by customers on Amazon are typically subject to [Delivery date-
based reserve policies](/gp/help/202124090). Sales proceeds are reserved until
we know the buyer received the order in the promised condition, and to ensure
that you have enough funds to fulfill any returns, claims, or chargebacks.

**Note:** Previously, sales proceeds withheld through Delivery Date-Based
Reserves appeared as a lump sum amount "Account-Level Reserves" on your
Payments Dashboard. This is now shown as deferred transactions so that you can
know exactly which orders are subject to these policies and for how long they
will be reserved.

#### Invoiced orders (Orders are pending buyer payment)

[Invoiced orders](/gp/help/202085520) placed by Amazon Business customers are
deferred while awaiting payment by the buyer. These transactions will be
released after the customer completes their invoice payment, which typically
occurs within 30-45 days after the order date. Note that these orders are also
subject to delivery date policies, but in most cases, the invoice due date
will be later than the reserve period.

