---
title: What do I need to know about packing slips and purchase order numbers?
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/QBDHEYGMALGGASA
section: General Documentation
---

Tips for understanding and effective usage of packing slips and purchase order
numbers.

#### When do I need to provide a packing slip for a customer order?

Include a packing slip in every business order package.

#### How do I know if it’s a business order?

Seller Central designates a business order in two ways. You’ll see a Business
Buyer badge in **Manage Orders**. Or, you’ll see an optional column,
**isbusinessorder,** in **Order Reports.**

#### Why do I need to provide a packing slip?

Business customers use the packing slip to reconcile each order. A missing or
incorrect packing slip can delay payment.

#### How do I print a packing slip?

If you do not print a packing slip of your own, you can use **Manage Orders**.
See [Print a packing slip](gp/help/200198110) for more information

#### Why do I need to provide the customer purchase order (PO) number on the
shipping label and packing slip?

Business customers use the PO number to route packages that are delivered or
to reconcile the order for payment. Without a PO number on the label and
packing slip, packages may be undeliverable to the end customer and may delay
payment

#### How do I know if a PO number was provided by the customer?

You can see the PO number in the top left corner of the order document in
**Manage Your Orders** , underneath the **Order ID** and labeled “Buyer PO #”.
Or you can enable the **PurchaseOrderNumber** column in **Order Reports**. See
[Retrieve Order Details - Order
Report](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/200387120) for more
information.

#### Why is the PO number appended to the **Recipient Name** field for seller-
fulfilled orders?

When a PO number is included in a seller-fulfilled order, the PO number will
be appended to the **Recipient Name** field to ensure that the PO number is
available to business customers on the shipping label and packing slip and to
reduce the work required for sellers to map an additional field.

#### How do I prevent the PO number from appending to the **Recipient Name**
field ?

If you are already including the PO number on the shipping label and packing
slip or would like to disable the feature for another reason, please visit the
[Add or remove order reports columns](/order-reports-and-feeds/column-
picker?source=/order-reports-and-feeds/reports/ref=xx_orderrpt_dnav_xx) page
and disable the **Recipient Name + PO Number** column. This will prevent the
PO number appending for Order Details, Order Reports, and Marketplace Web
Service. If appending the PO number to the recipient name has resulted in any
issues to your systems or processes, please share with us at ab-po-number-
issues@amazon.com.

