---
title: What is the Individual selling plan?
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200399460
section: General Documentation
---

The Individual selling plan is a pay-as-you-go plan that provides access to a
basic set of listing and order management tools. Individual sellers can create
listings one at a time by matching their products to existing pages or
creating new pages in the Amazon catalog.

Amazon sets the [shipping rates](/gp/help/G201051980) for orders and
determines which shipping service levels sellers can offer to buyers.
Individual sellers don't pay fees to Amazon unless an item sells.

Once you start selling, you will receive your payment using Amazon Pay. Amazon
Pay transfers the proceeds of your sales to your bank account via an Automated
Clearing House (ACH) or electronic transfer. To be paid, you must provide a
bank account in a country supported by Amazon. For information about required
bank account details, see our [bank account
information](/gp/help/GWHNLFB8G85QAZ5W) page. Amazon Pay settles your account
every 7 days. It can take up to five business days from the settlement date
for the money to appear in your bank account.

##  Benefits of the Individual selling plan

If you don't need access to volume selling tools or [Amazon Marketplace Web
Service APIs](/gp/help/G200389230), you may find that an Individual selling
plan is more cost effective than paying a monthly subscription fee of $39.99
as a Professional seller. Instead of a monthly fee, Individual sellers pay a
per-item fee of $0.99 when the item sells, in addition to the applicable
[referral fees](/gp/help/GTG4BAWSY39Z98Z3). Learn more about [selling plans
and
fees](/learn/courses?ref_=su_courses_c1_m489&moduleId=489&modLanguage=English&videoPlayer=youtube).
For more information about fees for Individual sellers and Professional
sellers, see the [Selling on Amazon fee schedule](/gp/help/G200336920).

## Which selling plan is right for you?

See [Selling plan comparison](/gp/help/G64491) to learn more about the
differences between Professional and Individual selling plans. You can easily
switch between the [Individual](/gp/help/G201710030) and
[Professional](/gp/help/G201747610) selling plans when you need access to
additional features or when it becomes cost-effective for you to use the
Professional selling plan.

**Note:** Amazon requires a Federal Tax ID Number (TIN), even if you donâ€™t
sell many items and have sales under $20,000. All Amazon sellers who exceed 50
transactions in a calendar year are required to provide taxpayer
identification information, regardless of sales volume. To provide your tax
information, see the **Listing Status** section within your [Seller Account
Information](/hz/sc/account-information) page.

## Manage product orders

For each new order, you'll receive an email titled "Sold, Ship Now." You can
also view orders by selecting [Manage
Orders](/gp/orders-v2/list?language=en_US&ref=ag_myo_cont_28141) in your
seller account. To learn more, see [What is the Manage Orders
page?](/gp/help/G28141).

In addition, the **Manage Orders** page allows you to print a shipping label
and packing slip, ship the product, and confirm your shipment. The "Sold, Ship
Now" email that you receive for each order will help guide you through the
steps for completing an order. To learn more, see [The process of fulfilling
an order](/gp/help/G200200040).

You can manage existing listings on the [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_%5E?tbla_myitable=sort:%7B%22sortOrder%22%3A%22DESCENDING%22%2C%22sortedColumnId%22%3A%22date%22%7D;search:;pagination:1;)
page of your seller account. To learn more, see [Stop selling a
product](/gp/help/G200216110).

If you are unable to sell products for a short period of time, you can set the
status of your listings to **Inactive**. When you change your listings'
status, all of your listings will be removed from Amazon product detail pages
and search results. When you are ready to sell again, change the status back
to **Active** , and your listings will reappear shortly. To learn more, see
[Listing status for vacations, holidays, and other
absences](/gp/help/G200135620).

## Close your account

If you decide both selling plans are not right for you and want to permanently
close your account, you can review the required steps and [close your seller
account](/gp/help/G200399470).

