---
title: Where and what to sell with Amazon Global Selling
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201468340
section: General Documentation
---

Before you extend your online sales to international customers, understand the
implications for your business. **Where and What to Sell** gives you basic
information about selling globally on Amazon.

Amazon operates 16 stores (websites) worldwide, allowing you to grow your
business internationally independent of where your business is physically
established.

With Amazon, you can quickly grow your business in other countries,
introducing your brand and products to millions of customers on Amazon's
stores. Amazon operates these stores:

Europe | Asia-Pacific | Middle East and North Africa | Americas  
---|---|---|---  
  
  * Amazon.de (Germany)
  * Amazon.co.uk (United Kingdom)
  * Amazon.fr (France)
  * Amazon.it (Italy)
  * Amazon.es (Spain)
  * Amazon.nl (Netherlands)

|

  * Amazon.jp (Japan)
  * Amazon.com.au (Australia)
  * Amazon.sg (Singapore)
  * Amazon.in (India)

|

  * Amazon.ae (United Arab Emirates)
  * Amazon.com.tr (Turkey)

|

  * Amazon.com (United States)
  * Amazon.ca (Canada)
  * Amazon.com.mx (Mexico)
  * Amazon.com.br

  
  
**Note:** Amazon.cn (China) is not currently open to sellers based outside
China.

[Learn more about selling opportunities in each of these
stores](https://sell.amazon.com/global-selling.html)

These stores represent many of the world's largest e-commerce opportunities.
When you register to sell in one of these Amazon stores, you gain immediate
access to customers who know and trust the Amazon buying experience. Expanding
your sales to one or more Amazon stores means you can benefit from the Amazon
brand without shouldering the up-front costs of building business name
recognition on your own in a new sales environment.

## Product considerations

When you select an Amazon marketplace in which to sell, you'll need to
understand whether your product is appropriate for your target country. First
and foremost, make sure that you comply with all laws in each country. In
addition, product standards differ across countries. For example, digital
devices operating on 110-220 V that use two-prong electrical chargers may not
be appropriate for the UK marketplace but could be appropriate for Japan.
Similarly, feather beds you successfully sell in the UK would probably not
sell well in the United States because the standard mattress sizes are
different in each country.

For more details, review product restrictions and other requirements in [Taxes
and
Regulations](/gp/help/201468380?language=en_US&ref=ag_201468380_cont_201468350).

## Language support considerations

When you prepare to enter a new Amazon marketplace, one early consideration
you'll have is whether your business can operate in the local language.
Proficiency in the local marketplace language is necessary for providing
customer support for a particular marketplace - a requirement for selling in
an Amazon marketplace unless you use Fulfillment by Amazon. Local language
proficiency is also helpful for conducting country-specific research and
understanding how to best position your products. You might need to modify
your products or reposition your marketing, copy, or packaging to better meet
the needs of your new customers. Without local language capabilities, you may
find it more challenging to stay competitive with locally based Amazon
sellers.

## Additional resources

  * [Setting up your Amazon Global Selling Account](/gp/help/201468450)
  * [Crafting a Marketplace Entry Strategy](/gp/help/201468360)
  * [Global Selling Fulfillment Options](/gp/help/G201468370)
  * [Listing Creation for Global Accounts](/gp/help/201468480)
  * [Customer Support for International Sales](/gp/help/201468540)

