---
title: Yanwen Logistics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GVFZULWPSELQ5PYT
section: General Documentation
---

## Carrier overview

Yanwen Logistics is a comprehensive cross-border e-commerce logistics service
provider in China. It provides directly operated services in 50 cities across
China, and its cross-border logistics lines reach 200 countries and regions
around the world. Yanwen independently developed operating systems and
intelligent logistics systems to establish a global e-commerce network for
customers.

## Shipping benefits

  * Wide coverage of package pickup: Yanwen has over 50 processing facilities across China, which can meet the pickup requirements for 95% of sellers.
  * Diversified products: Yanwen provides various types of logistics services such as ordinary mail, tracked, or special line services. Sellers can choose the desired services according to their needs.
  * Wide delivery coverage: Yanwen provides logistics services to most countries around the world.

## Shipping services

  * Y-Post Ordinary Mail - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * Y-Post Registered Mail - Special Cargo
  * YW Air Tracked Packet - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * YW Untracked Packet - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * YW Air E-Packet - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * YW Air Economy Mail - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * YW Air Registered Mail - General Cargo and Special Cargo
  * Yanwen Express Special Line - P and - T

**Note:** These shipping services are available. However, the eligibility of a
shipping service for a certain order depends on many other factors, such as
promised delivery date, origin-destination address pair, restrictions of size,
weight and hazmat classifications and so on. Therefore, if you are using the
Seller Central UI, choose one eligible shipping service from the web page
returned shipping service list. If you are using the SP-API, call
GetEligibleShipmentServicesAPI before calling CreateShipment API to purchase a
label.

## Delivery service introduction

For more detailed information about each product, go to [Yanwen Logistics
Product Introduction](http://www.yw56.com.cn/index.php?s=/product/index.html).

## Shipping coverage

Yanwen currently provides shipping services covering 50 cities of China. For
the detailed pickup range, go to [Pick-up
List](http://www.yw56.com.cn/index.php?s=/service/index.html).

## Yanwen Account Registration and Binding

Before using the Yanwen shipping services on Buy Shipping, you have to
[register a Yanwen account](http://portal.yw56.com.cn/register).

If you have registered a Yanwen account, bind your Amazon seller Account with
your Yanwen Customer Account in your Yanwen customer service center as below:

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help./carriershipping._CB1583143073_.jpg)

## Payments and rates

Before using Yanwen products on Buy Shipping, you have to register a Yanwen
account and sign the payment agreement with Yanwen. You also need to bind your
Amazon seller Account with your Yanwen customer account. Thus, Yanwen will add
the charged amounts to your bill when the packages are picked up or dropped
off. If you have a separate rate or discount agreement with Yanwen, you can
use your own rate.

Yanwen currently provides weekly, bi-weekly and monthly invoicing for
customers. According to the agreed invoicing period, Yanwen will provide
electronic bills for accounting and payment purposes. Yanwen currently
supports payment methods through both ICBC and Alipay.

## Terms and conditions

When buying labels from Yanwen, read and accept the terms and conditions
defined by them as stated in [Yanwen terms and
conditions](https://portal.yw56.com.cn/merchant/contract)

## Frequently asked questions

#### Is it mandatory to have an account with Yanwen to use Yanwen products on
Buy Shipping?

Yes, a Yanwen account is required.

#### How do you calculate the charges for Buy Shipping? Should I pay for the
amount that is displayed on Seller Central?

The shipping cost displayed on Seller Central is an estimation of fee based on
your parcel’s weight, ship-from and ship-to countries/regions, and the rate
Yanwen provides for Amazon sellers. The final shipping cost should follow the
Yanwen invoice, which will depend on the actual weight of your parcel and your
Yanwen account rate. If you have other questions, [log
in](http://portal.yw56.com.cn/about_send/) to your Yanwen account.

#### How do I pay for shipping?

The fees will be shown in your Yanwen account. For more details, go to the
Payments and Rates section in your Yanwen account.

#### Do I need to do anything else after buying a label in Buy Shipping?

You have to ensure the timely delivery of parcel to Yanwen.

#### How do I contact Yanwen for pickups? What time can Yanwen pick up
packages?

You can check the contact information of the pick-up driver in Yanwen customer
service center. For specific pick-up time, you can call the pick-up driver by
phone or you can follow the “Yanwen” WeChat public notification to schedule
pickups.

