---
title: Shipping and routing requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200141510
section: Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon FBA
---

Packaging your shipment correctly is crucial to making sure your inventory
reaches us safely and that it's optimized for entry into our fulfillment
centers.

The following requirements apply to all boxes shipped to Amazon fulfillment
centers whether by small parcel delivery, less than truckload (LTL), or full
truckload (FTL) shipping.

Some shipments have additional requirements:

  * [Carrier and tracking information requirements](/gp/help/GVZWBSSV464ZRWNJ)
  * [Small parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/200280260)
  * [Truckload delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/200280270)
  * [Delivering Imports to Amazon](/gp/help/200280280)
  * [Delivering Televisions to Amazon](/gp/help/200898460)
  * [New packaging certification needed for 2017+ model year TVs on FBA](/gp/help/BFACJXWVLWSMUUZ)

Download our [Shipment checklist](https://images-na.ssl-images-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/QRG/FBA_Shipment_Checklist_en-US.pdf) (PDF).

**Important:** Share the following requirements with your carrier. Failure to
comply with FBA product preparation requirements, safety requirements, and
product restrictions may result in the following:

  * Refusal of inventory at the Amazon fulfillment center 
  * Disposal or return of inventory
  * Blocking of future shipments to the fulfillment center
  * Inbound defect fees for the additional cost required to re-direct, receive, and process your shipment. To learn more, go to [Inbound defect fees](/gp/help/GL5XA3MNXAJKJE8E).

##  Box content information

Providing information about the contents of your boxes will improve the
management of your inventory on Amazon and help your products become available
for sale more quickly.

**Important:** Provide accurate box content information might result into
avoid blocking of future shipments, and a manual processing fee.

If you select **Skip providing box contents** , make sure that:

  * Each box contains inventory from only one shipment ID. Do not combine items from multiple shipments in the same box. You can find the required shipment ID on the **Summary** page for that shipment.
  * The shipment details that are listed on your shipping plan must match the shipment that you sent to the fulfillment center. These details include the following: 
    * Merchant SKU 
    * UPC/EAN/ISBN or other external barcode
    * FNSKU
    * Product condition 
    * Quantity shipped 
    * Packing option ([individually packed or case packed](/gp/help/G200141500)) 
    * Box weights and dimensions
  * Units are prepped according to the requirements found on the [Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/G200141500) page

## Packaging shipments

Following these instructions helps ensure shipments arrive undamaged and ready
for intake to our fulfillment centers:

  * Use a rigid, six-sided box with flaps intact.
  * Use a single address label that has clear, complete delivery and return information.
  * Each box you include in the shipment must have its own unique FBA Box ID label printed from your Shipping Queue.
  * Each pallet requires four FBA Pallet ID labels, one on the top center of each side. Each box on the pallet also requires its own unique FBA Box ID label.
  * When shipping multiple case packs in a larger box, apply the unique FBA Box ID shipping label on the outside of the primary box.
  * If you are reusing boxes, remove all old shipping labels, barcodes, or markings.
  * Cover existing barcodes with opaque tape or use a black felt-tip marker to render the barcode unscannable by crossing out the barcode. This prevents the incorrect barcode from being accidentally scanned during the receiving process.
  * Wrap all items separately.
  * Use adequate packaging material.
  * Use strong tape designed for shipping.
  * Use 2 inches of cushioning between each of your items and the inside of the box.
  * After you pack your box, shake it gently. The contents should not move when shaken.
  * Using boxes with dimensions measuring at least 6 x 4 x 1 inches and weighing at least 1 lb can reduce delays in receiving. 
  * Boxes must not exceed these maximum size and weight requirements: No more than 25.00 inches on any side and no more than 50.00 lb total, unless the box contains an individual oversize item that exceeds these limits. See the **Box Dimensions** and **Box Weight** sections below for additional information on box requirements.

Avoiding the following also helps ensure shipments arrive ready for intake to
Amazon fulfillment centers:

  * Do not use point-of-sale containers. Point-of-sale containers are part of the product you are selling and typically contain one single unit. (For example, a coffee maker shipped and sold in its original container.)
  * Do not use open boxes typically used for display purposes. (For example, open front boxes or boxes without tops.) 

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/fc-
images/do_not_ship_point_of_sale_box._V519018470_.png) ![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/fc-
images/do_not_use_gaylords._V519016880_.png)

  * Do not use pallet-sized boxes (also known as "gaylords"). 

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/fc-
images/do_not_ship_gaylords._v519026472_.png)

  * Don’t use string, straps, or over-wrap (plastic or paper).
  * Do not bundle multiple boxes together.

Picking the right-sized box for what you are shipping is important. If the
container is too large, you will need to fill it up with enough packaging
material so that the box will not collapse if heavier boxes are stacked on top
during shipping.

**Tip:** For best results, use a new, single-wall, corrugated shipping
container with a high burst- or crush-strength stamp.

##  Acceptable standard boxes:

  * Regular slotted carton (RSC)
  * B flute
  * ECT-32 (edge crush test)
  * 200 lb./sq. inch (burst strength)

Use a minimum of 2 inches of appropriate packing material around each item and
the same amount in between your products and the walls of the box. If your
items are being shipped in the manufacturer's case pack, the 2 inches of
packing material is not necessary.

##  Box dimensions

Boxes containing multiple items (standard or oversized items) must not exceed
25.0 inches on any side.

Boxes that contain a single oversize item that do not fit the above dimension
limitations must comply with the following requirements:

  * A box may exceed the 25.0 inches if it contains a single oversize unit that measures longer than 25 inches. If this is the case, then the box must only contain one single oversized item and must not be significantly longer than the item dimensions. Boxes that are excessively large relative to the oversize units may be subject to restriction of shipping privileges, additional fees, or refusal at a fulfillment center. For all the boxes, we recommend you to exceed 2 inches of cushioning on all the sides.
  * Boxes may exceed 50 lb, but must not weigh more than 65 lb. If this is the case, the box must not exceed 25.0 inches on any side.

**Note:** Any box that weighs more than 50 lb must contain **"Team
Lift"/"Heavy Package"** safety label displayed on top and sides of each heavy-
weight box (5 labels in total).

**Important:** Box dimension policies are strictly enforced. Sending oversize
boxes to the fulfillment center may lead to blocking of future shipments.

##  Box weight

Weigh and measure boxes and pallets accurately and ensure that the correct
values are provided for every shipment. All cartons must also meet these
weight requirements:

  * Boxes must not exceed the standard weight limit of 50.00 lb, unless they contain one single item that exceeds 50.00 lb. 
    * For a single item that exceeds 50.00 lb, attach a label that clearly indicates **Team Lift** on the top and sides of the box. 
    * For a single item that exceeds 100.00 lb, attach a label that clearly indicates **Mechanical Lift** on the top and sides of the box.
  * Boxes containing jewelry or watches must not exceed 40.00 lb. 
  * UPS allowances for larger box dimensions and weight do not apply to boxes containing multiple standard-size items.

**Important:** Box weight policies are strictly enforced. Sending overweight
cartons to the fulfillment center may lead to blocking of future shipments.

**Note:**

  * Accurate box weight and dimensions are required for all shipments, even if you opt to not provide box content information in Seller Central, or if you are not using an Amazon partnered carrier.
  * We do not provide Seller the “Team lift” or “Mechanical lift” labels for now, you may generate it by yourself, and please make sure to use local language of the shipment ship-to country.

##  Packing materials

Using appropriate packing material ensures your shipment quickly moves through
the fulfillment center receiving process and protects our associates from
potential safety issues.

##  Use the following packing materials:

  * Bubble Wrap
  * Full sheets of paper (heavy-weight kraft paper is best)
  * Inflatable air pillows
  * Polyethylene foam sheeting

##  Do not use the following packing materials:

  * All types of packing peanuts, including those made of biodegradable material or corn starch
  * Foam strips
  * Crinkle wrap
  * Shredded paper
  * Thermocol chips 
  * Styrofoam

**Tip:** After you pack your box, shake it gently. The contents should not
move when shaken.

Watch the videos:

  * [How to Pack boxes for Shipment to an Amazon fulfillment center](https://youtu.be/KAqmMK5QK2Y)
  * [Shipment Safety Requirements](https://youtu.be/5D9XZennOhg)

## Breaking down the material benefits

**Bubble Wrap** or small cell bubble sheeting provides surface protection as
well as shock absorption. It can also be wrapped around almost any product,
regardless of shape or size.

**Paper** , specifically kraft paper intended for packing applications, can be
used to fill empty space in your shipping box. For best results, use kraft
paper with a minimum basis weight of 60 lb to ensure that it is thick enough
to provide protection.

**Inflatable air pillows** use air pressure to secure and hold products in
place inside the shipping container, and provide an air barrier of cushioning.
They generally come in a strip of air pillows that you can easily use as
lightweight dunnage to fill the empty space in your box.

**Warning:** Inflatable air pillows can lose pressure in low-temperature and
high-altitude environments.

**Polyethylene foam sheeting** is thin, soft, resilient, and provides surface
protection and cushioning properties. This type of packaging is good for
protecting lightweight items.

##  Additional requirements

All products require a scannable barcode. For more information, see [FBA
product barcode requirements](/gp/help/201100910).

Each box in a shipment requires an Amazon FBA Box ID label in addition to any
carrier labels. For more information, see [Shipment label
requirements](/gp/help/200178470).

Additional requirements apply based on the shipping method you use:

  * [Seller requirements for LTL, FTL, and FCL deliveries](/gp/help/200978400)

In addition, boxes and box contents must be packaged in such a way that the
contents arrive safely and intact at the fulfillment center. For more
information, see [Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/200141500).

## Refused shipments

Some common issues that may result in the refusal of inventory at the
fulfillment center include shipments that are larger than expected, not
labeled properly, violate policy, damaged, or sent to the wrong fulfillment
center.

Each shipment sent into an Amazon fulfillment center requires an advanced dock
appointment to be made by your carrier. Failing to create a dock appointment
will result in your shipment being refused. For more information about
requesting a dock appointment, see [Carrier requirements for LTL and FTL
deliveries](/gp/help/200978420).

Shipments may be rejected at the dock and returned to you at your expense.
**Seller Damage** refers to any inventory that is delivered to an Amazon
fulfillment center in an unsellable condition. Shipments considered **Seller
Damaged** or **Defective** incur a return freight charge.

Shipments that are closed, have been canceled or deleted, or have not been
fully completed cannot be delivered to an Amazon fulfillment center. For
information on deleting shipments, see [Deleted, misrouted and incomplete
shipments](/gp/help/GLMEBQLNBY97ANYY).

Shipments that contain products that are unexpected or exceed the capabilities
of the fulfillment center may be refused. Ensuring your product listings are
created with correct information, such as entering accurate weight and
dimensions and selecting the appropriate category, assists in ensuring
successful placement and delivery to a corresponding fulfillment center.

You cannot refuse or return shipments that are returned to you without first
contacting Amazon and your carrier. When a shipment is refused at a
fulfillment center, your carrier will be given information from the
fulfillment center. Reach out and work with your carrier for any shipment that
is refused. Return shipments that you refuse or return to Amazon again without
first contacting Amazon and your carrier may be refused by Amazon a second
time, and any costs incurred will be at your expense.

## Shipping directly to a fulfillment center from a distributor

Make sure your distributor has the correct Amazon FBA Box ID labels for your
shipment. You can grant limited access to your seller account to access
labels. For more information, see [Set user permissions](/gp/help/901).

In addition, your distributor must adhere to all Amazon shipment requirements.

## Acknowledgement for Huawei items

You acknowledge that the US Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and
Security has restricted and may in the future restrict dealings with Huawei
Technologies Co. Ltd. and certain of its non-U.S. affiliates included on the
bureau’s [Entity List](https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-
guidance/lists-of-parties-of-concern/entity-list) ("Huawei Listed Entities").

You are responsible for complying with these restrictions, as updated from
time to time, in relation to any products, software, or technology ("items")
that you receive from Amazon or its affiliates. This includes ensuring that
you do not remove, transfer, or accept any items, including inventory, that
are subject to these restrictions from Amazon or its fulfillment centers if
you are a Huawei Listed Entity or for the purpose of transferring or
delivering such items to a Huawei Listed Entity.

