# Multi-Channel Fulfillment: Fulfill orders for your sales channels

Section: Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)
Original URL: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200332450

Amazon Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) is a third-party logistics solution
that enables you to leverage Amazon’s fulfillment network and expertise to
pick, pack, and deliver orders from all your ecommerce channels. For more
information, go to our [program page](/mcf).

##  Click-to-delivery speeds

MCF offers two click-to-delivery speeds: Standard and Expedited. The delivery
time for each is calculated as the number of business days between order
acceptance and delivery to the buyer. While MCF processes and delivers orders
seven days a week, Expedited speed orders submitted after 2 p.m. Pacific Time
will have an acceptance day of the following business day.

The delivery times in the table below apply to standard-size, sortable items
(for example, items about the size of a bread box or smaller), that are
received and stored in a fulfillment center; and orders that are delivered
within the 48 contiguous states and Washington, D.C., without opting out of
Amazon Logistics. The shipping and tracking times refer to the time between
order submission and shipping and tracking number generation, respectively.

**Click-to-delivery speed** | **Delivery time** | **Shipping and tracking time**  
---|---|---  
Expedited | 2 business days | 1 business day  
Standard | 3 business days | 2 business days  
  
Orders that don’t qualify for the delivery times in the table above require
additional time for delivery according to the categories described in the
table below. If more than one category applies, the longer of the delivery
times will apply.

**Click-to-delivery speed** | **Delivery time**  
---|---  
**Orders opting out of Amazon Logistics** | **Orders including non-sortable items (such as, heavy/bulky)** | **Orders delivered to non-contiguous US states and territories**  
Expedited | 2 to 3 business days | 2 to 4 business days | 3 to 6 business days  
Standard | 3 to 5 business days | 3 to 6 business days | 5 to 10 business days  
  
Delivery times may be longer for the following:

  * Inventory that's been shipped from your location but not yet received and added to your inventory at the fulfillment center.
  * Inventory that’s being transferred from one fulfillment center to another, which is shown in the **Reserved** column on [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth).
  * Orders including items without sufficient inventory (as a best practice, we recommend maintaining at least 8 weeks of cover and 100 units that are received and stored in a fulfillment center).
  * Orders placed during anticipated high-volume events (for example, Prime Day, Black Friday), national holidays, and unforeseen circumstances outside of Amazon’s control, such as a strike, natural disaster, or severe winter storm.

The following examples illustrate MCF click-to-delivery speeds:

  * If a **Standard** speed order is placed at any time on Monday, delivery is expected on or before **Thursday** : 3 business days after acceptance day of Monday.
  * If an **Expedited** speed order is placed on Monday **before** 2 p.m. Pacific Time, delivery is expected on or before **Wednesday** : 2 business days after acceptance day of Monday.
  * If a **Standard** speed order opting out of Amazon logistics is placed at any time on Monday, delivery is expected on or before **Monday** of the following week: 5 business days after acceptance day of Monday.
  * If an **Expedited** speed order opting out of Amazon logistics and delivered to Alaska is placed **after** 2 p.m. Pacific Time on Monday, delivery is expected on or before **Wednesday** of the following week: 6 business days after acceptance day of Tuesday.
  * If a **Standard** speed order is placed at any time on Friday, delivery is expected on or before **Wednesday** of the following week: 3 business days after acceptance day of Friday.

## Listings

Before you can place MCF orders, you have to ensure that you’ve created
listings and sent inventory to Amazon fulfillment centers. There are two ways
to create listings for MCF:

**Create listings in Seller Central**

If you are an Amazon seller and use Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) there are no
additional steps to create listings. When you [place an MCF
order](/mcf/orders/create-order), it will be fulfilled from the same pool of
inventory at Amazon fulfillment centers that is used for your FBA orders. For
more information on how to create and manage listings in Seller Central, go to
[FBA inventory](/gp/help/G201074410).

**Tip:** You can [list products for Multi-Channel fulfillment
exclusively](/gp/help/G200141220) in Seller Central (without those products
appearing for sale on Amazon) by setting their **Offer Start Date** to a date
in the future, such as 2050.

**Create listings in Supply Chain Portal**

If you don’t sell on Amazon, or are an Amazon seller but want to fulfill
orders with MCF for products that are not intended to be listed for sale on
Amazon.com, you can use [Supply Chain Portal](https://supplychain.amazon.com/)
(SCP) to create listings. SCP gives you access to inventory visibility, order
management, reporting, and tracking for all your MCF orders. There are also
fewer restrictions* for creating listings with SCP than Seller Central, which
can potentially save you time and allow you to use MCF for a wider selection
of your products, for example:

  * SCP listings are proprietary to the seller that created them; sellers can use MCF to fulfill products without matching them to existing Amazon store listings
  * SCP listings do not have brand restrictions; sellers can use MCF to fulfill products without authorization from brand owners
  * SCP listings do not require a product identification code; sellers can use MCF to fulfill products that do not have a registered GTIN or UPC code
  * *[Dangerous goods](/gp/help/G201371860) (also referred to as hazmat) policies still apply for listings created in SCP

**Note:** This page only provides instructions for using MCF in Seller
Central. For more information about how to access and use SCP go to, [Multi-
Channel Fulfillment: Supply Chain Portal](/gp/help/GC2M7FXZ36SZG6K8).

**Send inventory to Amazon**

The steps and requirements for sending inventory to Amazon for MCF are the
same as FBA. Go to [Send to Amazon](/gp/help/G6925SDD66GDLXJW) for more
information on how to create a shipping plan for inbounding your inventory to
Amazon’s fulfillment centers.

## Create orders

MCF fulfills orders from off-Amazon sales channels, including your own
website. You can create MCF orders through our [quick order
form](/mcf/orders/create-order), [bulk order upload](/mcf/orders/bulk-orders),
or [API integrations](https://supplychain.amazon.com/integrations). To find
the right solution for your business, use the [MCF Integration Selection
Tool](/mcf/integration-selection-tool).

The [quick order form](/mcf/orders/create-order) allows you to place a single
MCF order against available FBA inventory by entering your customer's shipping
address, items, and delivery speed. To create or cancel multiple orders at
once, upload a completed template to the [MCF bulk orders
form](/mcf/orders/bulk-orders).

In the quick order form, if you select **Create hold order** , an order will
be planned and placed on hold, reserving your inventory. These hold orders
must be activated on the MCF order details page to initiate the delivery. The
order will meet the expected delivery date only if activated before the
expected ship date. If the hold order isn't activated within 14 days, the
order will be canceled automatically.

To activate a hold order, follow these steps:

  1. Go to [Manage orders](/orders-v3/search?q=&qt=orderid&page=1).

  2. **Select a time frame** , or in the search box, enter the MCF order ID and click **Search**.

  3. Click the order ID link in the **Order details** column.

  4. On the MCF order details page, click **Ship this order**.

## Track orders

To track MCF orders, follow these steps:

  1. Go to [Manage Orders](/orders-v3/search?q=&qt=orderid&page=1).

  2. **Select a time frame** , or in the search box, enter the MCF order ID and click **Search**.

  3. Click the order ID link in the **Order details** column.

  4. On the MCF order details page, click the **Shipment** tab to view the details for the order.

For each delivery, the send date, delivery estimate, tracking number, and
carrier information will be available, along with the package contents.

Click the tracking number to view tracking details on
[Swiship](https://www.swiship.com/track/), our tracking website. Swiship
provides real-time status updates for packages, which can be shared with
buyers. Alternatively, to view the tracking details on your selling account,
click the **Shipment** tab on the MCF order details page and click **Shipping
event details**. For more information, go to [How to track your Multi-Channel
Fulfillment orders](https://supplychain.amazon.com/learn/how-to-track-your-
mcf-orders).

Tracking numbers generated by our system expire after 90 days. If a tracking
number has expired, the tracking details may not be available on Swiship.

## Cancel orders

To request an order cancellation, follow these steps:

  1. Go to [Manage Orders](/orders-v3/search?q=&qt=orderid&page=1).

  2. **Select a time frame** , or in the search box, enter the MCF order ID and click **Search**.

  3. Click the order ID link in the **Order details** column.

  4. On the MCF order details page, click **Cancel this order** , if available.

**Note:** Clicking **Cancel this order** only submits a request and doesn’t
guarantee a cancellation. Cancellation success depends on how far an order has
progressed in the fulfillment process and will be confirmed by email. If there
are multiple deliveries in an order, the cancellation request for each
delivery will be treated independently.

**Cancel this order** may not appear in certain cases. For example, it may not
appear if the order was already packed, or if a tracking number was generated
and the order was sent. In these cases, the order can't be canceled.

You aren't charged for MCF orders that are successfully canceled before being
sent for delivery. If some items in an order have been sent, or have returned
to Amazon before reaching the buyer, fees for those items will apply. MCF
doesn’t offer the option to intercept an order after it’s been sent.

Once an MCF order has been submitted, the order details can’t be changed,
including the products, quantity, recipient name, and delivery address. Before
you place an order, make sure that you confirm with the buyer that the address
provided is accurate. Amazon is not responsible for any delivery failures that
result from incorrect information submitted during order creation. Such orders
are ineligible for reimbursement.

##  Fees

MCF charges [fulfillment fees for domestic orders](/gp/help/201112650) and
[export orders](/gp/help/200804980). Download our complete [rate
card](https://supplychain.amazon.com/pricing) (available in English only).

Fulfillment fees for MCF orders will be charged to your account balance at the
time the order is shipped. Your seller account may have a negative balance if
the fees you owe exceed your sales on Amazon. MCF sellers with negative
account balances may have their credit cards charged up to once per day. If a
payment fails, MCF shipping services may be suspended until payment is
successfully received. To ensure sellers have sufficient funds to fulfill
financial obligations, we may impose transaction limits on some sellers based
on cumulative value of fees accrued during a settlement period which may
result in pausing MCF shipping services until payment is successfully
received. We will not be liable for any delays or interruptions in order
fulfillment as a result of MCF shipping services getting suspended. For more
information, go to [MCF Billing FAQ](/gp/help/GTP9V9YMVUSLWG2S).

## MCF fast badges

The MCF fast badges feature allows you to display real-time delivery dates on
the product detail pages of your ecommerce website, which can help you
increase conversion and sales by showcasing MCF’s fast delivery speeds to
shoppers early on in their journey.

The MCF fast badges feature is available for sellers who use the MCF app for
Shopify, WebBee, NeverSettle, or the MCF API, or using Google product
listings.

Discover [how to enable MCF fast
badges](https://supplychain.amazon.com/blog/how-to-enable-mcf-fast-badges) on
your ecommerce site or contact [Selling Partner Support](/help/center) for
help.

## Unbranded packaging

MCF orders are automatically shipped in unbranded packaging, at no additional
cost to you. The packaging materials that we use–including boxes, tape, and
poly bags–do not contain any Amazon branding.

Unbranded packing is the default option for MCF orders, except in cases when
it may result in longer shipping and delivery times, such as orders with bulk
units. To ensure that all your orders are shipped in unbranded packaging,
select **Only ship with blank boxes** under the **Add items** section of the
[quick order form](/mcf/orders/create-order). Note that MCF’s unbranded
packaging feature does not support items that exceed 56 inches for the longest
side or are heavier than 49.9 lb.

## Carrier preference

You can block your MCF orders from being delivered by Amazon Logistics, which
will result in a 5% surcharge on those orders. When you block Amazon
Logistics, only third-party carriers will ship your order. For more
information, go to [Fulfillment fees for Multi-Channel Fulfillment
orders](/gp/help/201112650).

You can block Amazon Logistics at the account level in your [Multi-Channel
Fulfillment settings](/gp/ssof/configuration/multi-channel-fulfillment-
settings.html). For individual orders, you can block this shipping method
through [MCF API](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/fulfillment-
outbound-api-v2020-07-01-reference) or by selecting **Block Amazon Logistics
as a carrier for this order** on the [order creation](/mcf/orders/create-
order/) page.

If you block this delivery method through your MCF settings, by default none
of your MCF orders will be delivered by Amazon Logistics. Changing your Amazon
Logistics preference for individual orders will override your MCF settings
preference for those orders only.

## Reimbursements

You’re eligible for reimbursements on your MCF orders if we determine that
they’ve been lost or damaged. You have **up to 90 days after the latest
delivery date, or the estimated delivery date from the carrier,** to submit
your claim for any lost or damaged items on your MCF orders.  Check the status
of your existing reimbursements on the [Reimbursements
report](/reportcentral/REIMBURSEMENTS/0) or the [Payments
dashboard](/payments/dashboard/index.html/ref=xx_payments_dnav_xx).

**You are ineligible for reimbursements if any of the following apply:**

  * You use MCF as a way to remove items from a fulfillment center. Instead, create a removal order. For more information, go to [Remove inventory (overview)](/gp/help/G200280650).
  * You use MCF as a way to fulfill any order placed on the Amazon website, including self-fulfilled orders, FBA orders, or any related shipments. Instead, use FBA. For more information, go to [Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)](/gp/help/53921).

MCF fulfillment fees and items in orders that are marked as delivered by the
carrier aren't eligible for reimbursement.

**Note:** The maximum reimbursement amount for an eligible single unit
fulfilled by MCF is $300. For items valued at more than the maximum
reimbursement amount, we recommend that you buy third-party insurance.

**How we calculate reimbursement value**

If we determine that your reimbursement claim is valid, we’ll reimburse your
account with a corresponding number of units of the same FNSKU, added into
your inventory, or credit your account with a cash reimbursement for the
units.

For any cash reimbursements, we will determine the estimated proceeds of sale.
This amount is the estimated sale price of the item for which you’re being
reimbursed minus referral fees and FBA fulfillment fees, as explained in the
next section.

We compare several price indicators to determine an estimated sale price for
the item:

  * The median price at which you’ve sold the item on Amazon over the past 18 months 
  * The median price at which other sellers have sold the same item on Amazon over the past 18 months 
  * The current list price that you’ve set for the same item on Amazon or the mean list price if you have multiple listings for the same item
  * The current list price for the same item from other sellers on Amazon

If we don't have enough information to calculate the estimated sale price of a
unit using these price indicators, we’ll base the estimate on the price of a
comparable product. We may ask you for additional information or documentation
to help us determine that value.

**Why we use referral and FBA fulfillment fees to calculate MCF
reimbursements**

Referral fees are not charged for MCF orders. When we estimate the proceeds of
a sale, we start with an estimated sale price. Because MCF orders occur
outside of the Amazon website, we don’t have a record of the sale price.
Therefore, we determine the estimated sale price based on your FBA sales, and
we use the fees that are applicable to FBA sales to determine a fair
estimation of the proceeds of sale.

## Lost orders

If your order isn’t delivered within seven days after the promised delivery
date or estimated delivery date, you can claim a lost reimbursement with
[Selling Partner
Support](/help/hub/support/INTENT_DA_MultiChannelOrderIssues?). Orders that
are marked as delivered by the carrier aren’t eligible for reimbursement.

Your claim must include **all of the following** :

  * Order ID
  * Proof of the original non-Amazon order, such as a screenshot of your Shopify order, including all affected ASINs and corresponding quantities, the buyer’s name and address as well as the sales price
  * Proof of refund or replacement provided to the buyer, including the buyer’s name and address 
  * Tracking IDs for the affected shipments, if the order contained multiple shipments

##  Damaged, wrong, or missing items

If any items in your order are wrong, missing, or damaged in transit to the
buyer, you can file for reimbursement by contacting [Selling Partner
Support](/help/center). To receive a reimbursement, you must provide
photographic proof of the damaged item, wrong item, or missing items in the
package.

When you submit a reimbursement claim for an order that contains damaged,
wrong, or missing items, you must provide **all five of the following** :

  * Order IDs, ASINs, or FNSKUs of the damaged, wrong, or missing items, and quantities of each affected item
  * Proof of the original non-Amazon order, such as a screenshot of your Shopify order. The order must include all ASINs and corresponding quantities, as well as the buyer's name and address.
  * Proof of refund or replacement provided to the buyer, including the buyer's name and address
  * Images of the shipping box or envelope and all shipping labels
  * The following information, depending on the issue:
    * **For damaged items**
      * A description of the damage
      * Images of the whole item, including clear images of the UPC, ASIN, or FNSKU barcode label
      * Images of the damage described
      * For electronics, such as TVs and printers, images of the serial and model numbers 
    * **For wrong items**
      * A description of the difference
      * Images of the incorrectly received item showing the UPC, ASIN, or FNSKU barcode label, or the LPN sticker, or both, and the described difference
      * Images of the model number and serial number, if available 
    * **For missing items**
      * Images of the inside of the shipping box or envelope showing the received items, if one unit of multiple units that were shipped in the package is missing
      * Images of the empty shipping box, if only one item was shipped in the box
      * Images of empty product packaging, if a product box was received without one or more of the internal contents

## Returns

Items fulfilled through MCF can be returned to Amazon fulfillment centers. You
can choose to return items to fulfillment centers or follow your existing
returns process.

When a buyer contacts you to initiate a return, you can ask the buyer to send
the return to Amazon so that it can be put back into your Amazon inventory.

To initiate a return to Amazon, follow these steps:

  1. Go to [Manage orders](/orders-v3/search?q=&qt=orderid&page=1). 

  2. **Select a time frame** , or in the search box, enter the MCF order ID and click **Search**.

  3. Click the order ID link in the **Order details** column. 

  4. On the **Multi-Channel Fulfillment Order Details** page, click **Return**.

  5. Select the return quantity for the item or items that the buyer wants to return. 

  6. Indicate the return reason for the item or items. 

The return merchandise authorization form will then be generated. The form
contains the following two sections:

  * **Return mailing label:** A label that contains the address of the fulfillment center that will be receiving and processing the return. Ask the buyer to place the label on their return package. 

**Note:** Postage is not provided on the return mailing label. You or the
buyer are responsible for buying and producing the return label.

  * **Return authorization slip:** A form that contains a barcode and item description for the products being returned. The slip must be included inside the return package alongside the items.

When a return is received at a fulfillment center, our associates check the
item’s condition. If it’s in a sellable condition, we add it back to your
Amazon inventory. If it’s unsellable, you must follow our removal procedure to
receive the defective product. For more information, go to [Required
removals](/gp/help/external/G202000820).

It may take up to seven days to process the return and put the item back into
your inventory once it’s delivered to a fulfillment center.

After you have initiated a return, click **Return status** on the MCF order
details page for information on the return. You can also view this information
on the [FBA Customer Returns report](/reportcentral/CUSTOMER_RETURNS/0).
Select the appropriate time frame in the **Event date** drop-down menu. The
report will show whether we’ve received the return and the disposition of the
item.

In some cases, an item may be returned to a fulfillment center by the carrier.
There are various reasons why this might occur, such as when an item was
damaged during transit, an item was undeliverable due to an incorrect address,
or the buyer refused delivery. In these cases, it may take up to seven days
from the last tracking update to add the returned units back to your
inventory. Orders that are returned by the carrier aren’t eligible for
reimbursement.

## Integrations

With integrations, you can optimize your order fulfillment process from online
checkout to your customers’ doorsteps, so you can save time. We offer over 100
integrations that enable you to connect MCF with your ecommerce solution
providers (such as Shopify and BigCommerce) and other back-end systems and
automate order fulfillment across all your channels.

To make it simpler to choose the right integration for your business, you can
use the [MCF Integration Selection tool](/mcf/integration-selection-tool).

To use this tool, follow these steps:

  1. [Access the tool](/mcf/integration-selection-tool). 

  2. Complete the two required fields by selecting the option that matches your business.

  3. If desired, add more information in the optional fields to help the tool to identify the integration that’s the best fit for your business. 

  4. Click **Show results** at the bottom right corner of the page. The recommended integrations for your business will show up on a list.

  5. Click **Learn more** in each recommendation to get details and start integrating your off-Amazon sales channels with MCF. 

##  Packing slip settings

You can change the name and text on your packing slip for MCF orders by going
to [FBA settings](/fba/settings/index.html#/), then navigate to **Multi-
Channel Fulfillment settings** to edit the following:

  * **Packing slip–merchant name** : Enter your business name or your website name that should appear on the packing slip with your order.
  * **Packing slip–text** : Enter the text that you want to place on the packing slip with your order. We recommend that you include information about your return policy or contact information for service requests. For example: Thank you for ordering from [website name]. We appreciate your order. For customer returns, go to [https://yourwebsite.com/returns].

## More resources

  * [Multi-Channel Fulfillment settings](/gp/help/G56JCGRSP2NKQZ5A)
  * [New beta features for Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/gp/help/G47ZF4V7HNRY3JWD)

