---
title: A-to-z Claims Process for Property Damage and Personal Injury
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GTY6NYZDFD5CENYH
section: General Documentation
---

**Note:** For information about A-to-z Guarantee Claims regarding delivery,
product condition or return experience, please see our A-to-z Guarantee help
pages.

We want all customers to shop with confidence in our store, regardless of whom
they are buying from. To provide that confidence, we offer a quick and
efficient process (the A-to-z Claims Process) to assist customers and sellers
to resolve claims in the unlikely event a defective product sold through
Amazon.com causes property damage or personal injury.

This process can avoid costly litigation and does not expand your existing
financial exposure for product liability. You do not waive any rights or
defenses to any claim by participating. Although Amazon may resolve certain
claims as explained below (for example, if you fail to respond), if you or
your insurer disagree with Amazon’s resolution, you may always contest that
decision.

This policy describes the A-to-z Claims Process for sellers for products sold
through Amazon.com. To view the terms and conditions for customers, see the
[A-to-z Claims Process Terms &
Conditions](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GTUXEP9L4KCBFSLU).

**Claim Initiation and Screening.** A customer may make a claim under the
A-to-z Claims Process by contacting customer service. We will work with
external, independent claims adjusters to gather relevant information and
attempt to filter out fraudulent, abusive, or frivolous claims. We will then
notify you of claims we believe may be valid. Resolution of those claims
depends on the amount of the claim and whether you have [uploaded
proof](/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render?view=up)
of the commercial liability insurance required by the [Amazon Services
Business Solutions Agreement](/gp/help/G1791).

**For customer claims of $1000 or less, Amazon will resolve the claim through
a concession to the customer and will not request reimbursement from you or
your insurer if you provide proof of insurance.** Upon receiving a claim of
$1000 or less, Amazon or our third-party administrator will attempt to resolve
the claim directly with the customer while providing you with details about
the claim. In addition, you will have an opportunity to respond to the
customer or to us with any information you feel is relevant to our review of
the claim, such as evidence that your product was not defective or did not
cause the customer’s damage or injury. If we are able to resolve the claim
with the customer, we will ask you to provide proof of your insurance within 7
days (if you have not already done so through the [Business
Insurance](/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render?view=up)
page). If you already have insurance or if we request that you obtain it and
you subsequently provide proof of coverage, we will not request reimbursement
from you or your insurance provider for the amount we pay to the customer as a
concession for their claim.

If you are required to have insurance or we request that you obtain insurance
and you do not provide proof of coverage within 7 days after we notify you of
a claim, we will expect you to reimburse us for any concession we grant to the
customer to resolve their claim. In addition, we may withhold funds from your
disbursements in the amount of the concession. If you disagree with our
decision to provide a concession to the customer, you can dispute the
concession by submitting an appeal within 30 days. Your appeal should include
any information that you think would be relevant to our review of the claim,
such as evidence that your product was not defective or did not cause the
customer’s injury or damage.

**For customer claims above $1000, you or your insurer must handle the claim
directly with the customer.** If you have provided proof of your insurance to
Amazon through the [Business
Insurance](/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render?view=up)
page, we will notify you of the claim and transfer the claim directly to your
insurer for handling. Otherwise, we will notify you of the claim directly, and
you must respond to our notice within 7 days. We will check in with you or
your insurer and the customer regularly for updates to the claim status, and
expect you to work with the customer to attempt to resolve the claim within 30
days, unless the customer is not cooperative or the claim is too complex for a
quick resolution. If you are able to resolve the claim, you must also provide
us with a signed agreement from the customer releasing you, Amazon and its
affiliates from further liability. To access a form, you can download the
[release agreement form](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/rainer/help/A-to-z_claim_release_form.docx).

If we determine that you or your insurer are creating an unwarranted delay,
are not responding to a claim, or have denied a claim we think is valid,
Amazon or its third-party administrator may step in to attempt to resolve the
claim directly with the customer. In this case, Amazon will review the claim
and attempt to resolve it (if appropriate) through our third-party claims
administrator. We will then notify you of the decision, the basis for the
decision, and the amount we are seeking in reimbursement (if any). If you have
insurance, we will seek reimbursement from your insurer and will not seek
reimbursement from you. If you do not have insurance, we will seek
reimbursement from you. If you or your insurer disagree with our decision, you
or your insurer can dispute it by appealing within 30 days. After the
conclusion of any appeals, Amazon may commence arbitration to collect any
amounts we are seeking in reimbursement. You and we retain all rights and
defenses to our effort to seek reimbursement.

More information on the process for property damage and personal injury claims
and insurance requirements can be found in the frequently asked questions
below.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What types of defective product claims are eligible for the A-to-z Claims
Process?

The A-to-z Claims Process provides a process for attempting to resolve
property damage and personal injury claims caused by verifiably defective
products sold on Amazon.com. When we attempt to resolve a claim, we will offer
to pay only medical expenses, lost wages, and property damage caused by a
defective product. We will not offer to pay for non-economic damages, business
losses, consequential and incidental damages, attorney fees, punitive damages,
or other losses through the A-to-z Claims Process. For more information on
claims eligibility, see the [A-to-z Claims Process Terms and
Conditions](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GTUXEP9L4KCBFSLU).

#### Does the A-to-z Claims Process expose my business to additional
liability?

No. The A-to-z Claims Process will not attempt to impose on you financial
responsibility beyond what you are already liable for as a seller of products
under the relevant product liability law. If we resolve a claim with a
customer through the A-to-z Claims Process and seek reimbursement from you or
your insurer, we will only seek reimbursement to the extent of your existing
legal liability. The A-to-z Claims Process provides sellers and customers with
a streamlined process for resolving claims, which reduces the likelihood of a
lengthy and costly lawsuit for either party. However, if you, your insurer, or
Amazon are unable to resolve the claim with the customer, or the customer’s
claim is rejected, neither you, the customer, nor Amazon waives any rights or
defenses by participating in this process.

#### Am I required to have insurance?

Effective September 1, 2021, once you reach $10,000 in gross proceeds in any
month, you are required under your selling agreement with Amazon to carry
commercial liability insurance with limits of at least $1 million in the
aggregate and name Amazon as an additional insured. For more information on
the requirements, see the [Commercial Liability Insurance
policy](/gp/help/G200386300). This is to cover any losses related to products
you sell in our stores, including customer claims for property damage and
personal injury as a result. To help you secure insurance, Amazon connects you
directly with a network of insurance providers who have agreed to work with
Amazon through the A-to-z Claims Process. You do not need to use this network;
you may secure insurance independently. Please note that whoever you obtain
insurance from, we may exchange information with that insurer about your sales
history on Amazon and about any claims made against your products (see **What
information may be exchanged with my insurance provider?**). If you carry
appropriate commercial liability insurance and have uploaded proof of your
insurance to the [Business
Insurance](/mario/v2/az/flow/BusinessInsurance/page/InsuranceEstablishment/global/render?view=up)
page, we will not seek reimbursement of claims that we are able to resolve
with customers for less than $1000. For more information about this
requirement and obtaining insurance, see [Commercial Liability Insurance
policy](/gp/help/G200386300).

#### What information may be exchanged with my insurance provider?

Amazon may share information about your Amazon selling account with insurance
providers, either during the insurance application process or with insurers
you identify as providing insurance coverage for your products, so that those
insurers may determine whether and under what conditions to insure or continue
insuring your products. Examples of information we may share with insurers
includes the types of products you sell, the volume of sales of such products,
any safety complaints or other claims made against your products, and any
concessions that Amazon offers to its customers for claims of injury or
property damage relating to your products. Your insurance provider may share
with Amazon information to verify your insurance coverage, as well as the
volume and status of any claims for injury or property damage relating to your
products. Amazon uses information provided by insurance providers to confirm
your continued insurance coverage, identify potentially unsafe products, and
improve the customer experience in our store. For more information about how
Amazon handles your personal information, see our [Privacy
Notice](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010&language=en_US&ref=ag_home_cont_KLETRP8MLF7CVFX).

#### What are the insurance requirements?

You can find the insurance requirements in our [Commercial Liability Insurance
policy](/gp/help/G200386300).

#### What happens if I don’t have insurance?

Once you reach certain sales thresholds, or otherwise if requested by us, you
are required to maintain valid insurance under your seller agreement. If you
do not obtain the required insurance, we will seek reimbursement for costs we
incur in resolving claims, regardless of sales thresholds, unless we agree to
waive our right to reimbursement. We may also restrict you from selling in a
particular category or even suspend your account until you provide proof of
insurance. We will provide notice of any such actions. If you are not required
to have insurance and a customer files a claim, we may request that you obtain
insurance; if you subsequently provide proof of insurance, we will not seek
reimbursement for claims less than $1,000, but we will expect you to reimburse
us for any claims more than $1,000.

#### What should I do when Amazon notifies me of a claim?

You or your insurance company must respond to the notification from Amazon or
our third-party claims administrator within 7 days indicating whether you will
accept handling of the claim. If Amazon has already paid the claim to the
customer, you have 30 days to appeal the decision. You may also need to
provide proof of liability insurance coverage, if you have not already done
so. This usually takes the form of a Certificate of Insurance issued by your
insurance company and details the property and persons covered, the amount of
coverage, and any exclusions or deductibles.

#### How does Amazon resolve defective product claims?

Amazon uses an external, independent third-party claims administrator to
evaluate claims based on information provided by you and the customer,
consistent with established insurance industry standards. We may also choose
to simply provide a concession to customers. We may decline to resolve claims
if there is not sufficient evidence that the product was defective or if the
defect did not result in damages claimed by the customer. We may also reject
customer claims that we believe are unsubstantiated, frivolous, abusive, or
not suited for the A-to-z Claims Process. If we reject a claim or otherwise
are not able to resolve it through the A-to-z Claims Process, customers still
have the opportunity to pursue those claims, and you and we will be able to
challenge those claims in court.

#### If I disagree with Amazon’s decision on a claim, how can I dispute it?

You can contest any of Amazon’s decisions under the A-to-z Claims Process by
appealing from the notification you received from Amazon or our third-party
claims administrator. You must appeal the decision within 30 days of when we
notify you of the claim’s resolution. You can provide any information that you
think would be relevant to our review, such as evidence that the product you
sold was not defective or did not cause the customer’s injury or damage. This
could include information from the manufacturer, other seller, or delivery
service. If we are not able to resolve your dispute through your appeal or if
you disagree with the outcome of that appeal, you can continue to defend that
claim, and you and we retain all rights and defenses to any effort by us to
seek reimbursement.

#### What if I choose to handle the claim but am unable to resolve the claim
to the customer’s satisfaction, or within the 30-day timeframe?

For most claims, 30 days should provide adequate time for you to resolve the
claim with the customer, but we understand that certain complex claims may
require additional time to resolve. Once you or your insurer take over
handling of a claim, we will check in with you periodically regarding the
status of the claim and any barriers to resolution. If at any time we
determine that there is an unwarranted delay or you are not responsive
regarding the status of the claim, Amazon or its third-party administrator may
step in to attempt to resolve the claim directly with the customer and seek
reimbursement from you. We will notify you of the decision and the
reimbursement amount for which you are responsible, if any. If you have
insurance, we will seek reimbursement from your insurer; if not, we will seek
reimbursement from you. You can appeal our decisions (see **If I disagree with
Amazon’s decision on a claim, how can I dispute it?**) and neither you nor
Amazon waives any rights or defenses to our reimbursement requests.

#### What happens if I deny the claim or the customer does not accept my
resolution of the claim?

If you or your insurer handle the claim directly with the customer and the
customer does not accept your resolution of the claim, Amazon or its third-
party administrator may step in to attempt to resolve the claim directly with
the customer and seek reimbursement from you. We will notify you of the
decision and the reimbursement amount for which you are responsible, if any.
If you have insurance, we will seek reimbursement from your insurer; if not,
we will seek reimbursement from you. You can appeal our decisions (see **If I
disagree with Amazon’s decision on a claim, how can I dispute it?**) and
neither you nor Amazon waives any rights or defenses to our reimbursement
request. If you, your insurer, or Amazon are unable to resolve the claim with
the customer, or the customer’s claim is rejected, neither you, the customer,
nor Amazon waives any rights or defenses by participating in this process and
you retain the right to defend the claim.

#### Am I responsible for paying the customer?

If you or your insurer handle the claim directly with the customer, you or
your insurance company are directly responsible for resolving the claim and
paying the customer, if warranted. For claims handled by Amazon or our third-
party claims administrator, we will seek reimbursement (if any) from your
insurance company if you have insurance, or from you if you do not have
insurance.

#### What should I do once I have finalized resolution of the claim?

You or your insurance provider will need to respond to the notification you
receive from Amazon or our third-party claims administrator to notify us
whether the claim was paid or denied and your reasons for that determination.
If the claim was paid, you will confirm the customer accepted your offer and
provide proof of payment. You must also provide us with a signed agreement
from the customer releasing you, Amazon and its affiliates from further
liability. To access a form, you can download the [release agreement
form](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainer/help/A-to-
z_claim_release_form.docx).

#### Do property damage and personal injury claims impact my Order Defect Rate
(ODR)?

No. However, we may remove products that we believe may be unsafe and we
encourage you to confirm the safety of any products that are subject to such
claims. A-to-z Guarantee claims regarding delivery, product condition, or
return experience, are reflected in your ODR.

