---
title: Additional information and resources for sellers about our Restricted Products policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201567350
section: General Documentation
---

If you list products on Amazon, you must comply with all applicable laws,
regulations, standards, and our policies related to those products and product
listings.

The sale of illegal products, or other products identified on our [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/external/G200164330) policy page, is strictly prohibited.

It is each seller's responsibility to carefully review our policies before
creating or listing a product for sale. Sellers must also understand that they
are responsible for ensuring that their products comply with all applicable
federal and state laws, even if the product is not specifically described in
our policies. Laws, regulatory requirements, and standards are subject to
change. It is advised that all sellers should regularly monitor their listing
for any legal or regulatory changes that may affect their compliant and take
appropriate actions when necessary.

We are constantly innovating on behalf of our customers to improve the ways we
detect illegal products and products that otherwise violate our policies, and
we continually adjust the systems we use to detect these products. Amazon
systems may remove products that are permitted to be sold on our site. This
may occur if there is incomplete or inaccurate product information provided to
us or if our systems incorrectly identify a product as restricted.

For example, if there is a product with both over-the-counter (OTC) and
prescription versions, we may restrict the product if we are unable to
determine which version of the product is being offered. Also note that some
products that are legal are still prohibited by Amazon policies. Sellers who
believe a product has been removed in error should contact Selling Partner
Support, and we will review the product and make any appropriate adjustments
to our systems as well as to the seller's account status, as applicable.

Note that moving a restricted product listing to Out of Stock (OOS) does not
make the listing compliant. If you think your product was incorrectly
identified as a restricted product on Amazon, close the listing immediately to
ensure compliance while you appeal the restriction with Selling Partner
Support.

Sellers who violate Amazon policies or applicable law, may be subject to an
enforcement action, which can vary depending on the type of offense and the
seller's account history. We consider a variety of factors in the seller's
overall account when determining what action to take, including the severity
and number of violations present on their account. Current violations can be
viewed in the Sellers Account Health Tab in Seller Central under AHD. Sellers
who have had their selling privileges removed may appeal the decision in most
cases. In some situations, we may reinstate a seller's account if they have
effectively addressed the root causes that led to their violations and
implemented strong measures to prevent recurrence of those and other
violations.

Below are some best practices sellers can follow to aid in compliance with our
policies:

  * Do not assume that a product is permitted because it is not listed in our "Examples of Prohibited Listings" or has an existing ASIN.
    * When in doubt about whether a product may be sold, **_do not list it_**.
  * Assign one or more employees to be responsible for reviewing each product you plan to sell. This employee must have deep and up-to-date knowledge of the products as well as the industry, including laws and regulations applicable to those products.
    * Note that laws and regulations may vary by marketplace. While a product may be legal in one marketplace, please review local laws and regulations to determine whether it is compliant in other marketplaces. Sellers who utilize remote fulfillment programs should ensure that their listings are compliant across all marketplaces prior to enrollment. 
    * Remote Fulfillment will connect your account to the [Build International Listings tool](/global-selling/listings/connect?ref_=xx_BIL_snav_agsLand). You can disconnect from the Build International Listings tool at any time after you’re enrolled in Remote Fulfillment with FBA. However, you’ll have to create and manage your listings manually after you disconnect from Build International Listings. For details about excluding offers from automatic listing creation, visit Exclude offers or products from a target marketplace. For more information, go to [Remote Fulfillment with FBA](/help/hub/reference/external/G5P3CDUHZWSZLXLB).
  * Carefully review our Restricted Products policy, including the "Examples of Prohibited Listings," and your product catalog on a regular basis. This includes any products that are included in inventory feeds or uploaded using an automated system.
  * If buying inventory from a source other than the manufacturer, _**apply extra diligence**_ to understand the provenance of the products, the accuracy of all compliance documents provided, and the legal framework in which they may be sold.
  * If selling drugs or supplements, understand the ingredients in these products and research whether they are permitted for sale OTC or within the region of listing, or both. In addition to our [Restricted Products policy](/gp/help/external/200164330), there are some resources available online that can help sellers with this research, including those listed below.

    * FDA Recalls and Alerts: [http://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/default.htm](https://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/default.htm) (**Note** : Tncludes a sign up to receive automatic email alerts from the FDA) 
    * Drugs@FDA: [http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/index.cfm](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/drugsatfda/index.cfm)
    * FDA National Drug Code Directory: [http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/ndc/dsp_searchresult.cfm](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/ndc/dsp_searchresult.cfm)
    * FDA Orange Book (prescription and OTC drugs): [http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/ob/default.cfm](https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cder/ob/default.cfm)
    * FDA Green Book (animal drugs): [http://www.fda.gov/animalveterinary/products/approvedanimaldrugproducts/default.htm](https://www.fda.gov/animalveterinary/products/approvedanimaldrugproducts/default.htm)
    * FDA's tips for buying drugs online: [http://www.fda.gov/drugs/buying-using-medicine-safely/quick-tips-buying-medicines-over-internet](https://www.fda.gov/drugs/buying-using-medicine-safely/quick-tips-buying-medicines-over-internet)
    * Legit Script product search: [http://www.legitscript.com/](https://www.legitscript.com/)

##  Create, implement, and submit an appeal for restricted product violations

####  **What does Amazon expect from an appeal for restricted product
violations?**

Amazon requires proof of compliance and an in-depth explanation of the issues
that led to your account deactivation, including the steps you will take to
resolve the issue and prevent future violations of this and other restricted
product policies.

A viable appeal must answer the following four questions:

  * What was the restricted product violation or which policy was violated by what product? 
  * What caused the violation? 
  * What reactive steps have you taken to resolve the violation? 
  * What proactive steps have you taken to prevent future violation? 

Your appeal should be factual, direct, and accurate. Focus on the facts and
events that led to the issue rather than providing an introduction of your
product, business or customers. Avoid attempting to explain every recent
policy or performance issue on your account, unless they specifically relate
to the current Restricted Products violation you have to address.

Complete the following steps to create, implement, and submit your appeal.

####  **Step 1: Identify your restricted product violation**

Identify and describe your violation in your appeal. Include the ASIN or
specific product type, and the policy that was violated.

To learn more about Amazon’s restricted products policies, go to [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/G200164330).

Avoid oversimplification and shifting responsibility for the violation, which
can deny your appeal:

  * Generic plans: Apologizing for the violation without providing a specific explanation or identifying the product in any way, and promising to do better.
  * Invalid root cause: “I did not create the ASIN, I just listed against a product already on the website.” or “I have listed a restricted product”.

####  **Step 2: Identify the cause of your restricted product violation**

Identify and describe the cause of your violation in your appeal. Be as
specific as possible about why the violation occurred.

####  **Step 3: Take reactive steps to resolve your restricted product
violation**

Take the reactive steps necessary to resolve your violation and describe those
steps in your appeal. These steps might include, (but not be limited to):

  * deleting a prohibited listing
  * updating the detail page for your listing to remove prohibited claims
  * providing information required to demonstrate compliance
  * fixing a technical issue

####  **Step 4: Take proactive steps to prevent future restricted product
violation**

Take proactive steps to prevent future violation and describe the steps in
your appeal. These steps might include, (but are not limited to):

  * educating yourself and your employees on one or more Amazon restricted product policies
  * revising an internal process or policy to ensure that one or more types of prohibited product are not listed in the future
  * completing a comprehensive review of your Amazon listings and deleting any listings that do not comply with applicable laws, and Amazon policies
  * consulting a legal expert for advice on laws, regulations, and Amazon policies

Ensure that the steps you take will effectively prevent a future restricted
product violation and avoid listing invalid proactive steps. For example:

  * “If I am unsure whether a product is permitted, I will contact Selling Partner Support for approval before I list it.” Amazon will not pre-screen listings for compliance, or provide legal advice. Contacting Selling Partner Support to ask if a product is permitted is not an effective mechanism to ensure compliance.
  * “I will set questionable listings to Inactive (Out of Stock) to avoid getting additional violations.” Moving a listing to Closed or Inactive (Out of Stock) will not prevent the potential deactivation of your selling account if those products are found to be prohibited.

####  **Step 5: Submit your appeal**

To submit your appeal, refer to the instructions at the top of your [Account
Health dashboard](performance/dashboard) in Seller Central.

**Note:** Amazon will assume that all reactive and proactive steps described
in your plan of action have been implemented at the time of submission. If you
commit new violations that are identical or very similar to prior violations,
you must provide a new plan of action for those violations. You cannot re-use
or recycle an old plan of action.

####  **Do these steps apply for all restricted product policy violations?**

No. Sellers who have previously provided an appeal for repeated violations of
restricted products policy are initially ineligible to provide the above
materials to request reinstatement. In such cases where a seller is confirmed
to have again violated Amazon’s [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/external/G200164330) policies, they must provide a dispute
with the following information:

  * A description of how your account has not violated the Amazon Restricted Products policy
  * Evidence that shows that your account complies with the Amazon "Restricted Products" policy

Sellers who have provided a listing for which there is no legitimate
justification for it to be offered on Amazon, such as highly illegal and
dangerous items, may be subject to immediate termination of their selling
privileges. Sellers enforced for such violations must also provide the above
dispute materials to appeal for reinstatement.

Additionally, you must ensure your products are accurately categorized,
described, and in compliance with Amazon’s listing standards, as outlined in
its [Product Detail Page rules](/help/hub/reference/external/G200390640).
Listing products on Amazon in a manner to avoid detection is considered
evasive behavior. Evasive behavior does not have a path to reinstatement
unless you provide valid proof of your adherence to all applicable laws and
Amazon policies. If listings are identified to be purposefully inaccurate,
miscategorized, or deceptively described to avoid or circumvent any of
Amazon’s [Restricted Products](/gp/help/external/G200164330) policies,
customers will only be eligible for account reinstatement if they are able to
provide sufficient information to dispute the identified behaviors.

A viable appeal must answer the following questions:

  * What was the restricted product policy violated and what is the product? 
  * Did your product violate the flagged policy? 
  * Was your product accurately categorized, described, and in full compliance with Amazon’s listing standards and restricted products policies? 

To answer these questions, you must provide evidence that shows your product
is compliant with Amazon’s [Restricted Products](/gp/help/external/G200164330)
policies and [Product Detail Page
rules](/help/hub/reference/external/G200390640). Avoid oversimplification and
shifting responsibility for the violation, and provide only factual, direct,
and accurate materials that confirm your adherence to Amazon’s policies.

####  **Do these steps apply for all restricted product policy violations?**

No. Sellers who have previously provided an appeal for repeated violations of
restricted products policy are initially ineligible to provide the above
materials to request reinstatement. In such cases where a seller is confirmed
to have again violated Amazon’s Restricted Products policies, they must
provide a dispute with the following information:

  * A description of how your account has not violated the Amazon Restricted Products policy
  * Evidence that shows that your account complies with the Amazon "Restricted Products" policy

Sellers who have provided a listing for which there is no legitimate
justification for it to be offered on Amazon, such as highly illegal and
dangerous items, may be subject to immediate termination of their selling
privileges. Sellers enforced for such violations must also provide the above
dispute materials to appeal for reinstatement.

Additionally, you must ensure your products are accurately categorized,
described, and in compliance with Amazon’s listing standards, as outlined in
its Product Detail Page rules. Listing products on Amazon in a manner to avoid
detection is considered evasive behavior. Evasive behavior does not have a
path to reinstatement unless you provide valid proof of your adherence to all
applicable laws and Amazon policies. If listings are identified to be
purposefully inaccurate, miscategorized, or deceptively described to avoid or
circumvent any of Amazon’s Restricted Products policies, customers will only
be eligible for account reinstatement if they are able to provide sufficient
information to dispute the identified behaviors.

A viable appeal must answer the following questions:

  * What was the restricted product policy violated and what is the product? 
  * Did your product violate the flagged policy? 
  * Was your product accurately categorized, described, and in full compliance with Amazon’s listing standards and restricted products policies? 

To answer these questions, you must provide evidence that shows your product
is compliant with Amazon’s Restricted Products policies and Product Detail
Page rules. Avoid oversimplification and shifting responsibility for the
violation, and provide only factual, direct, and accurate materials that
confirm your adherence to Amazon’s policies.

