---
title: Amazon Custom listing guide
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202004770
section: General Documentation
---

Customizable product listings are features added to a standard listing. Custom
Listings must be compliant with standard [Amazon product listing
guidelines](/gp/help/G200421970) as well as Custom product listing guidelines.

This guide provides best practices, tips, and examples for using **Amazon
Custom**.

**Note:** Since **Amazon Custom** is not a category, ensure that all of your
listings conform to the style guide for that particular product category. For
style guides, go to [Templates for Specific Categories](/gp/help/201576440).

For more information about the Amazon Custom program or to apply, click
[here](/gp/help/201757520). For information on listing a customizable product
once you’ve been approved for Amazon Custom, [click here](/gp/help/201822780).

## Creating a good detail page

The detail page is created using standard [Amazon Listing
Methods](/gp/help/201576400). The custom product listing process is a two-step
process. Follow the requirements below when creating detail pages for your
customizable products.

**Include keywords in the product title:** Product titles should explicitly
reference that the product can be customized or personalized (e.g.
Personalized Ballpoint Pen). This will immediately alert the customer to the
presence of a customization experience.

**Include descriptive bullet points:** At least one of the bullet points
should alert the customer that this product is customizable and explain the
nature of the customization options that are available. We recommend directing
the customer to enter customization information by clicking the "Customize
Now" button. If you have variations on the product detail page you may need to
direct the customer to pick a variation theme (such as, size, color) so the
"Customize Now" button appears.

**Add more than one product image:** Be sure to show an example of your
product with customization, not the blank un-customized version. Avoid placing
text on your product images outside of what you are showing for
personalization or customization. This includes price or the words custom or
personalized. When shown in results pages, text can be difficult for the
customer to read. Text on your Primary Image representing the customization
itself like Your Text Here or some variation is .

Though secondary images are not , it is highly recommended that you provide
the maximum number of secondary images to give customers more information
about the product.

  * Show a variety of customization examples or options
  * Present multiple angles of your product
  * Display any special packaging your product comes in
  * Provide an image that shows the size/scale of the product

##  Important tips

  * Make sure the visual elements of your detail page (for example, colors) are correctly represented in your customization options.
  * If the category of the product supports a particular variation theme, use variations for small product differences like size and color. Do not ask customers for information in the customization experience that can be accomplished through product variations.
  * Use the "surfaces" feature of the customization preview to allow customization on multiple surfaces of a product (for example, the front, back, and pocket of a t-shirt). Do not use the surfaces feature to provide multiple product options to customers.
  * If the product page shows a particular font type you must upload a font file that matches the product. If the product allows a particular set of font color options, you must choose the appropriate colors that best match your capabilities.
  * The image that you provide in the customization preview must be a blank version of the product. Do not allow customers to type text on top of existing text. 

##  Best practices

Follow these best practices to help you get the most out of your custom
listings and selling on Amazon.

  * **Keywords:** Enter specific search terms or keywords for each product to help customers find them on Amazon. Keywords should always be focused on the most important representative features of each product you list. Add those keywords that accurately represent the product attributes that would prove most relevant to customers (often customizable or personalized for Amazon Custom products).
  * **Lead times:** Since custom products take longer to produce, it is important to be clear as to when you expect your product to ship once the order is placed. Being clear and up-front with your lead times can prevent any misunderstanding by the customer, reduce the chances of a poor seller review, and help protect your seller account from missing performance metrics.
  * **Sponsored Product Ads:** [Sponsored Products](https://services.amazon.com/content/sell-on-amazon/sponsored-products.htm) gives you more control over product merchandising on Amazon. Targeted ads help you boost the visibility of your products when shoppers search for keywords you bid on. Consider using Sponsored Products to increase product visibility, for new offers, unique selection, offers with low glance views, clearance items, and seasonal promotions

## Customization preview guidelines

Be sure that the customization experience you create exactly represents the
product you are offering. Provide clear images of the product in order to
attract customers.

Below are suggested ways to use the customization preview:

  

  1. **Standard Preview Experience:** This allows buyers to add their customization in real time and see a visual preview of the finished product on screen. The customer will first see a non-customized version of your product, and as they enter their customization details the preview will update to reflect their choices.![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Selected_Self_Ship_FAQ/3.png)![]( https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Selected_Self_Ship_FAQ/4.png)
  2. **Form Experience:** This experience can be used for products that are difficult to represent exactly because they require complex customization. For such products, you can use the Form Experience by creating the form offline and uploading it as your preview image into the customization enablement tool. When you’re done configuring the customization experience, the customer will be able to enter their information directly into the form. ![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Selected_Self_Ship_FAQ/5.png)

## Customization preview guidelines

If you are approved for **Amazon Custom** , you can use the **Manage
Inventory** tool in Seller Central to create customization experience for your
products. Be sure that the customization experience you create exactly
represents the product you are offering. Provide clear images of the product
in order to attract customers.

Below are suggested ways to use the customization preview:

  

  1. **Standard Preview Experience:** This allows buyers to add their customization in real time and see a visual preview of the finished product on screen. The customer will first see a non-customized version of your product, and as they enter their customization details the preview will update to reflect their choices.

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/listing_guide1._CB1198675309_.png)

![](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/listing_guide2._CB1198675309_.png)

  2. **Form Experience:** This experience can be used for products that are difficult to represent exactly because they require complex customization. For such products, you can use the Form Experience by creating the form offline and uploading it as your preview image into the customization enablement tool. When you’re done configuring the customization experience, the customer will be able to enter their information directly into the form. 

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/cust_formx.png)  

