---
title: Amazon Debarred Seller Policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/KVVXRYWTEMD6UWV
section: General Documentation
---

_Amazon sellers must proactively inform Amazon if they are designated on any
list of prohibited or restricted parties, or owned or controlled by such a
party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the Office of
Inspector General (OIG) of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
(HHS), and the U.S. General Services Administration's (GSA) System for Award
Management (SAM.gov)._

It is each seller's responsibility to monitor whether they are placed on any
government exclusion or debarment list(s). Sellers who are included on these
lists, who are referred to as "debarred sellers,‚Äù must proactively inform
Amazon by contacting Amazon's Seller Support through Seller Central.

Failure to do so might be considered as a violation of Amazon's Selling
Policies as outlined in the [Amazon Services Business Solutions
Agreement](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/seller/registration/participationAgreement.html).

Debarred sellers must proactively provide the following information to Amazon:  

  1. Seller ID
  2. Name of the Entity that was debarred
  3. Relation of the debarred entity and/or individual with the seller
  4. Name of the government exclusion or debarment list 
  5. Documentation received from the government agencies (if available)

Amazon periodically monitors its sellers against certain government exclusion
or debarment lists.

However, it is the seller's responsibility to comply with Amazon's Debarred
Seller Policy.

For Amazon Business (AB) customers, Amazon will identify offers from sellers
that are debarred sellers. The offers from debarred sellers will be badged for
AB customers that opt-into this debarment feature.

Some AB customers might decide to not purchase the offers from debarred
sellers, which will likely have no impact to a seller's selling privileges.
Moreover, the debarment feature is not available to Amazon's consumer (non-
business) customers or Amazon's business customers that have not enabled this
feature.

Sellers must work with appropriate government agencies for resolution if they
believe that they are incorrectly placed on an exclusion or debarment list.

