---
title: Claims and reimbursements through Amazon Global Logistics
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GR384ESWC8HH8667
section: General Documentation
---

This page explains how to submit a claim in these cases:

  * You believe you have been incorrectly charged a fee.
  * Inventory is lost or damaged and you are seeking reimbursement.

For more information, see these Help topics:

[Booking transportation](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE)

[Using Send to Amazon to book transportation with Amazon Global
Logistics](/gp/help/GV6DMTQ3AKGYUWWN)

[After you book: bill of lading, shipment tracking, changing a
booking](/gp/help/GH34CM95UF7CCXKM)

[Paying for Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/GZJ4B4HXDUEWP4PC)

## Fees that may be incorrect

If you believe you have been incorrectly charged a fee, [contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_PaymentsInvoicingClaims) to submit a claim.
Include your shipment ID and describe the fee in question. If your claim is
approved, your account will be reimbursed within seven business days after
approval.

Remember that your shipment costs may differ if the estimated weight and
volume that you provide during booking does not match the actual weight and
volume.

In addition, the quote that you receive includes costs for end-to-end freight,
and import and export customs clearance. It also includes any [value-added
services](/gp/help/G4R925S74NFMCLXA) that you choose. The quote **does not**
include import taxes or duties, FBA fees, any additional costs, or all of the
above.

For more information, visit [Booking transportation with Amazon Global
Logistics](/gp/help/G5NQMLZ7E6UBPVNE) or [Using Send to Amazon to book
transportation with Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/GV6DMTQ3AKGYUWWN).

## Missing or damaged inventory

If your inventory is missing or damaged, you may be eligible for a full or
partial reimbursement.

**Note:** We will email you a signed proof of delivery (POD) within seven
business days after your inventory is received at a fulfillment center. It can
take 6 to 10 days after arrival for your shipment to be unloaded and stored,
but your items will be available for fulfillment after that final step.

## 1\. Determine if your shipment is eligible for investigation

If there are discrepancies between your shipping plan and what Amazon received
at the fulfillment center, you can request an investigation. To be [eligible
for investigation](/gp/help/201214140), your shipment must meet four
conditions:

  * It has been shipped to the fulfillment center.
  * It has reached the eligibility date for investigation shown on the **Reconcile** tab of the shipment **Summary** page.
  * It has been received within the past nine months.
  * It has proof-of-purchase documentation.

## 2\. Submit a claim

To submit a claim for damaged inventory, [contact
us](/help/hub/support/SOA_AGSS_PaymentsInvoicingClaims) and include your
shipment ID.

To submit a claim for missing inventory, go to your [Shipping
Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html/ref=pt_xx_cont_fbashipq). Find the
shipment in question and click **Track shipment**. On the **Summary** page,
click **Reconcile**. Then, under **Status/Action required** , select
**Missingâ€“please research**.

For more information, see sections 17 and 18 of our [freight terms and program
policies](/gp/help/G5N72FX7B37YJ3AT).

