---
title: Condition guidelines
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200339950
section: General Documentation
---

Assigning the correct condition to each product that you list on Amazon is the
first step toward providing a great customer experience. It is important to
make a careful assessment of your product before specifying its condition.  
  
For information about selecting a condition for your product, go to [Selecting
conditions](/help/hub/reference/G1831).

##  General condition guidelines

The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise
indicated in the Category-Specific Condition Guidelines listed below:

#### New:

Just like it sounds. A brand-new item. Original manufacturer's warranty, if
any, still applies, with warranty details included in the listing comments.
Original packaging is present for most New items but certain items like shoes
may be re-boxed.

#### Renewed:

A pre-owned product that was inspected and tested to work and look like new by
an Amazon-qualified supplier (a seller or vendor) or by Amazon. The product
has minimal to no signs of wear, no visible cosmetic imperfections when held
12 inches away, and may arrive in a brown or white box with relevant
accessories that may be generic. The product comes with a warranty giving you
a replacement or refund within 90 days of purchase if the product does not
work as expected. A selection of products are eligible for the Amazon Renewed
Guarantee. Any exceptions to this condition description will be mentioned on
the product detail page.

#### Rental:

A product that was inspected and graded by a qualified supplier (a seller,
vendor, or by Amazon) in working condition with no structural imperfections
that could impact the functionality. The products may be packaged in a generic
box and come with relevant accessories as expected for a new product. Any
exceptions to this condition description will be mentioned on the product
detail page.

#### Used - Like New or Open Box:

An item in perfect working condition. Original protective wrapping may be
missing, but the original packaging is intact and in good condition with minor
damage possible. Instructions are included.

#### Used - Very Good:

A well-cared-for item that has seen limited use and remains in good working
condition.

The item may show some limited signs of wear with small scratches or cosmetic
blemishes. Item may arrive with damaged packaging or be repackaged and could
be missing some accessories. Missing accessories are clearly defined for each
item.

#### Used - Good:

The item shows wear from consistent use, but it remains in good condition and
functions properly. Item may arrive with damaged packaging or be repackaged.
It may be marked, have identifying markings on it, or have minor cosmetic
damage.

It may also be missing some parts or accessories such as screws (in the case
of furniture) or an instruction manual.

#### Used - Acceptable:

The item is fairly worn but continues to function properly. Item may arrive
with damaged packaging or be repackaged. Signs of wear can include aesthetic
issues such as scratches, dents, and worn corners. The item may have
identifying markings on it or show other signs of previous use.

Item may be missing some parts or accessories such as screws (in the case of
furniture) or a mouse or USB cable (in the case of a laptop).

#### Collectible

Items listed as collectible must provide added value; for example, they must
feature an autograph or be an out-of-print edition. Provide a detailed
description of the collectible aspects that justify the special value.

##  Unacceptable and prohibited items

Items in any of the following conditions are unacceptable for listing on
Amazon:

  * Item is not clean, including signs of mold, heavy staining, or corrosion.
  * Item is damaged in a way that renders it difficult to use.
  * Item is missing essential accompanying material or parts. This does not necessarily include instructions.
  * Item requires repair or service.
  * Item was not created by the original manufacturer or copyright holder. This includes copies, counterfeits, replicas, and imitations.
  * Item was originally distributed as a promotional copy, promotional bundle, product sample, or advance reading copy. This includes uncorrected proofs of in-print or not-yet-published books.
  * Item has passed the expiration date (includes "best by" and "sell by" dates), has an unacceptable portion of its shelf life remaining, or the expiration date has been tampered with or removed.
  * Item was intended for destruction or disposal or otherwise designated as unsellable by the manufacturer or a supplier, vendor, or retailer.
  * Item is prohibited for sale on Amazon.

For information about prohibited products, go to [Restricted
Products](/gp/help/G200164330).

Only full retail versions of software may be sold on Amazon. See Software &
Computer Games for a list of software products that are prohibited for sale on
Amazon.

