---
title: Create listings one at a time
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G39EFY66ZLSJQ7PM
section: General Documentation
---

Under the **Catalog** drop-down menu of your seller account, click the [Add
Products](/product-search?ref=xx_addlisting_dnav_xx) feature to create a new
listing by matching to an existing product detail page in the Amazon catalog.
You can also create a new detail page for a product that does not yet exist
yet in the catalog and then create a listing for that product. For more
information, go to [Add one product at a time](/gp/help/G200220550).

Amazon chooses what information to include on the product detail page based on
manufacturer and seller contributions. For more information, go to [Get to
know the product detail page](/gp/help/G201911450).

This is a very easy way to add a few listings or product pages; however, you
cannot use this option to create multiple listings at a time or with [some
product categories](/gp/help/G200253000). For information regarding bulk
listing creation, go to [Create listings in bulk](/gp/help/Z4ZQ4HZQM2R4B2X).

**Important:** For a newly registered seller, it might take 90 minutes or more
after registering in order to list products for sale on Amazon.

**Note:** It is highly recommended that you provide appropriate information
for your product listings, to help buyers make a well-informed purchase.
Review the following help guides for best practices while listing a product:

  * [Amazon Services Quick Start Style Guide](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/Selling_on_Amazon_Quick_Start_Style_Guide_2018.pdf)
  * [Product image requirements](/gp/help/G1881)
  * [Product Listing Guidelines](/gp/help/G202073140)

After you create a listing, use [Manage Inventory](/inventory) to make changes
to listing or product data.

**Note:** The product information you provide in your listing may differ from
what you see on the Amazon product detail page. For listings with more than
one seller, the information on the product detail page may reflect
contributions from multiple sellers.

