---
title: Create shipments with Send to Amazon
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6925SDD66GDLXJW
section: General Documentation
---

[Send to Amazon](/fba/sendtoamazon/) is a streamlined shipment creation
workflow that requires fewer steps to replenish your Fulfillment by Amazon
(FBA) inventory.

By using Send to Amazon, you can do the following:

  * **Save time when creating shipments** via simplified process steps.
  * **Follow steps best suited to your operations** by packing boxes before or after shipment creation.
  * **[Create reusable case pack templates](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)** to provide box content information, box weight and dimensions, and prep and labeling details for shipments of single-SKU boxes. The templates are ideal when you use the same box configuration for a SKU because you won't have to re-enter the details each time you replenish inventory.
  * **Pack single-SKU and mixed-SKU boxes before you create shipments** , and update quantities as you pack, before you confirm your shipment destinations.
  * **Choose the best option to ship your inventory** as individual boxes ([small parcel delivery](/gp/help/G200280260)) or pallets ([less than truckload delivery](/gp/help/200280270)).
  * **Compare estimated carrier fees** to make the best choice between shipping your inventory as individual boxes ([small parcel delivery](/gp/help/G200280260)) or pallets ([less than truckload delivery](/gp/help/200280270)). 

Watch the video for an overview, and read more information below.

## Get started with Send to Amazon

To start using the workflow, go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-
queue/index.html) and click **Send to Amazon** in the dropdown menu under
Shipments near the top of the page to display the list of your FBA SKUs.

Next, follow the steps in the workflow to create your shipment:

  * Step 1: [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T)
  * Step 1b: [Pack individual units](/gp/help/GQ2HY393LHXF3GZN)
  * Step 2: [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW)
  * Step 3: [Print box labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7)
  * Step 4: [Confirm carrier and pallet information](/gp/help/GBJBZ65P2LHZM2DG) (for pallet shipments only) 
  * Step 5: [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/GV42EVAG2U5ACZAQ) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Step 6: [Tracking details](/gp/help/GWKTQ4PADXXT58JY) (for small parcel and pallet shipments not using an Amazon partnered carrier) 

You can also visit the [site navigation
training](http://sellerassistant.compassites.net/sta_dashboard).

To learn how to change or cancel your shipment, go to [Send to Amazon: Change
or cancel your shipment](/gp/help/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR).

## Switching workflows

You can switch between as many as thirty active workflows. Once all shipments
are in shipped status in a workflow, that is, once you have printed a carrier
label for Small Parcel Delivery, Partnered Carrier shipment shipments, printed
a Bill of Landing for Freight Partnered Carrier shipment or entered delivery
windows for all non-Partnered Carrier shipment shipments, the workflow will be
considered complete and will no longer count as active.

To switch to another active workflow, follow these steps:

  1. Click **Active workflows**.

  2. Find your desired workflow, and then click **Switch to this workflow**.

**Note:** You can also access workflow details from previously created
shipments by clicking the shipment name in the [Shipping
Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html).

## Frequently asked questions

#### Can I convert SKUs to FBA using Send to Amazon?

No, only SKUs that have already been converted to FBA are displayed in step 1
of the shipment workflow, [Choose inventory to
send](/gp/help/G8SXKYFWPG6DAW6T). To learn how to convert SKUs to FBA, go to
[Getting started with Fulfillment by Amazon](/gp/help/53921).

####  How can I view my Send to Amazon workflow?

You can view your Send to Amazon workflow by clicking the shipment name in the
[Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html). To learn about switching
between active workflows, refer to the **Switching workflows** section above.

#### How can I access workflow details from previously created shipments?

You can get information about all confirmed shipments from the [Shipping
Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html/ref=ag_xx_cont_fbashipq) and search
for them using the shipment ID. Click a shipment in the Shipping Queue to go
to the Shipment Summary page. There you can track the shipment, see shipment
contents, and reconcile inventory. To view the shipment in Send to Amazon,
click the link next to **Created using**.

#### Can I rename my Send to Amazon workflow?

Yes, you can rename Send to Amazon workflows by clicking **Rename workflow**.

#### Is Send to Amazon available in the Selling Partner API (SP-API)?

Yes, we have the [Fulfillment By Amazon (FBA) Inbound v2024
API](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/fulfillment-inbound-
api-v2024-03-20-reference) that enables building inbound workflows to create,
manage, and send shipments into Amazon's fulfillment network. The API has
interoperability with the Send-to-Amazon user interface.

#### Can I book an appointment with fulfillment centers in Send to Amazon
workflow?

No, Amazon does not allow general public deliveries. Only professional
carriers are allowed to make delivery appointments at fulfillment centers
through Carrier Central. For more information, go to [Carrier requirements for
LTL and FTL deliveries](/gp/help/200978420).

