---
title: Error message related to Amazon Generic Product policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5VG3YWGGXF4Y5WB
section: General Documentation
---

## Error code 5882

You cannot create a product listing with the brand value "generic" that
infringes on the [Intellectual Property (IP)](/gp/help/G201361070) of a brand.
Using another brand’s IP in your generic product listing, or listing a branded
product as generic, are violations of our listing policies. For more
information, go to [Amazon Brand Name Policy](/gp/help/G2N3GKE5SGSHWYRZ) and
[Amazon Intellectual Property Policy](/gp/help/G201361070). If you believe
that you are complying with our [policies](/gp/help/G84H3T69ZX762NWT), contact
[Selling Partner Support](/hz/contact-us) and mention the error code 5882.

## Error code 5885

You cannot change a product detail page; or add offers on another seller’s
generic product, or copy the product detail page to another store. If you want
to sell a generic product, create a new product by following the process as
outlined in [Add Products](/productsearch). For more information, go to the
[Amazon generic product policy](/gp/help/G84H3T69ZX762NWT). If you believe you
are complying with our policy, contact [Selling Partner Support](/hz/contact-
us) and mention error code 5885.

When you contact Selling Partner Support, you must provide the following
information:

  * Product title
  * SKU
  * ASIN
  * If you are using an inventory file template for feeds upload, provide the Batch ID of the processing report.
  * Real world image of the product or packaging that clearly shows the product is generic and unbranded.

## Error code 5886

You cannot change a product detail page; or add offers on another seller’s
generic product, or copy the product detail page to another store. If you want
to sell a generic product, create a new product by following the process as
outlined in [Add Products](/productsearch). For more information, go to the
[Amazon generic product policy](/gp/help/G84H3T69ZX762NWT).

## Error code 5887

Changes to this product detail page are not allowed. If you want to sell a
generic product, create a new product by following the process as outlined in
[Add Products](/productsearch). For more information, go to the [Amazon
generic product policy](/gp/help/G84H3T69ZX762NWT).

## When can I use "generic" as my product’s brand string?

Use the brand string "generic" when your product doesn’t belong to any
identifiable brand. For example, a mobile phone case that does not belong to a
brand would not have any branding, so you must use the string "generic" for
the brand name field when creating a new listing. The brand string "generic"
should not be used when a product contains a brand name or logo. For example,
a product where packaging shows the brand as Amazon Basics would not be
created with the brand string "generic". Instead, the brand string would be
"Amazon Basics".

Product image and title | Product’s brand string | Comments  
---|---|---  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Selected_Self_Ship_FAQ/Hoodie1.jpg) | Generic | This brand string is **correct.** The brand string is Generic since the product does not belong to any identifiable brand.  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/2.png) | Generic | This brand string is **incorrect**. The brand string is Generic, but the product belongs to an identifiable brand. Since the product is from **Kellogg's** and has the same brand on the product, the correct brand string is **Kellogg's**.  
  
## What brand string should I use for my product if it is compatible with a
branded product?

The brand string should match the product. For example, an adapter charger
that is unbranded and is compatible with a brand should use the brand string
"generic" for the brand name field. To learn more about compatibility terms,
go to [Intellectual property policy for sellers](/gp/help/G201361070).

Product image and title | Product’s brand string | Comments   
---|---|---  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/3.png) | Generic | This brand string is **correct**. The title indicates compatibility without implying that this is an Amazon product. The brand string is **Generic** since the product is not branded with a brand name.  
  
## Can I change the brand string on my product from "generic" to branded, or
branded to "generic"?

As part of [Product detail page rules](/gp/help/G200390640), if you create a
new product with the brand string "generic", or its local translation, the
brand string cannot be changed later. Brand string changes from "generic" to
branded, or branded to "generic" are not allowed to protect the integrity of
the product. If you choose to re-brand a product, you must create a new
product rather than updating an existing product. This is true even if the
product is unbranded and does not change materially after the brand string
change. This includes branding a previously unbranded product.

