---
title: FBA product barcode requirements
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201100910
section: General Documentation
---

Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) uses barcodes to identify and track inventory
throughout the fulfillment process. Each item that you send to an Amazon
fulfillment center requires a barcode.

There are three kinds of barcodes for identifying products:

  * Manufacturer barcodes (eligible barcodes include UPC, EAN, JAN, and ISBN)
  * Amazon barcodes (such as FNSKU labels that start with an **X**) 
  * [Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency) authenticity code (Intellectual Property owner only, may be required to help prevent counterfeit) 

**Note:** If your brand has been approved for [Amazon Brand
Registry](/gp/help/G202130410) and you don’t have a manufacturer barcode for
your products, you can apply for a [GTIN exemption](/gtinx/browser).

##  Manufacturer barcodes

By default, we use the manufacturer barcode to track eligible inventory
throughout the fulfillment process, unless you change your barcode setting or
your product is not eligible. When more than one seller has inventory with the
same manufacturer barcode, we may fulfill orders with the inventory that’s
closest to the buyer, to facilitate faster delivery.

If your product isn’t eligible for virtual tracking with the manufacturer
barcode, an Amazon barcode is required. You may be able to get an exemption to
use the manufacturer barcode by enrolling your ASIN in Amazon Brand Registry.
To learn more about virtual tracking and see product eligibility requirements,
go to,[Using manufacturer barcodes with FBA virtual
tracking](/gp/help/G200141480).

**Note:** If you are the manufacturer or the Intellectual Property owner and
want to print barcodes directly on the product packaging, you can apply for a
[GS1 standard UPC barcode](https://www.gs1.org/).

## Amazon barcodes

Amazon barcodes must be applied to all products that are not tracked using the
manufacturer barcode.

You can print Amazon barcodes and apply them to your products yourself, or you
can have Amazon print and apply them for a per-item fee. For more information
on how to pack for Amazon FBA using Amazon barcodes, go to [Use an Amazon
barcode to track inventory](/gp/help/G200141490) and [FBA Label
Service](/gp/help/G200483750).

## Transparency authenticity codes

Transparency codes are item-level authentication stickers that help protect
Intellectual Property owners and customers from non-authentic. Transparency
codes are accompanied by a Transparency “T” logo and must not cover or be
covered by any other label. To learn more and see a sample sticker, go to
[Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency).

**Note:** Products enrolled in the
[Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency) program are
eligible for virtual tracking, except for products in the Toys & Games and
Baby Products categories, dangerous goods, and expiration-dated products The
categories eligible for Transparency may be subject to change by Amazon. For
more information, go to [Transparency 2D barcode
requirements](/gp/help/G202008510).

