---
title: FBA dangerous goods program
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZLZBQ7W6QZRKWWK
section: General Documentation
---

The Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) dangerous goods program allows you to sell
FBA-eligible products that have been classified as dangerous goods. For more
information about dangerous goods and how they are classified, go to
[Dangerous goods identification guide (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400) and
[Dangerous goods review process (hazmat)](/help/hub/reference/G201749580).

If you are enrolled in the dangerous goods program, you can send additional
dangerous goods in compliance with the program’s [terms and
conditions](/gp/help/GYS2KBEE7MYVCGE3). Products that ship to fulfillment
centers must be:

  * Eligible for FBA
  * Comply with safety requirements
  * Packed in limited quantities (as defined in title 49 of the [Electronic Code of Federal Regulations](http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx?tpl=/ecfrbrowse/Title49/49tab_02.tpl))

**Note:** To upload safety data sheets (SDS) and exemption sheets, go to
[Manage dangerous goods classification](/fba/compliance-dashboard/index.html).
For detailed information about these documents, go to [Dangerous goods
required information and documentation (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201371860).

## Enroll in the dangerous goods program

The dangerous goods program in the US has a waitlist for participating. To
join the waitlist, select **FBA dangerous goods program** below, click
**Next** , then click **Apply to the FBA dangerous goods program**.

If you have inventory in an Amazon fulfillment center that becomes
reclassified as a dangerous good, you will automatically be added to the
waitlist. Once on the waitlist, you’ll be notified when a chance to
participate in the program becomes available.

Products sold through the program are eligible for Prime, though some may not
be eligible for two-day shipping. Due to transportation regulations, many of
these products are available for ground transport only. Therefore, they are
eligible for Prime four- to five-day shipping.

**Note:** Certain dangerous goods can be sold on Amazon but are not eligible
for FBA because they can’t be stored in fulfillment centers. Products sent to
fulfillment centers must comply with [FBA policies and legal
requirements](/gp/help/GYS2KBEE7MYVCGE3) for dangerous goods, even if they’re
not currently restricted by FBA.

## Dangerous goods classification

To be sold through FBA, your products must be correctly classified, regardless
of whether you’re enrolled in the FBA dangerous goods program.

Products in **Unable to classify** status when received at an Amazon
fulfillment center will be set to **Inactive**. Once **Inactive** , they can’t
be sold or replenished until they’re correctly classified.

Items become **Active** (sellable) once they’re classified as allowed
dangerous goods and received at a fulfillment center that handles dangerous
goods (see **Fulfillment center storage** below). Any such inventory stored at
a standard fulfillment will be automatically transferred to one that handles
these items. We'll notify you by email of the transfer, which can take several
weeks. Inventory will be in **Reserved** status while in transit.

If stored inventory becomes classified as dangerous goods prohibited for FBA,
it will be disposed of at your expense. This includes inventory in fulfillment
centers that handle dangerous goods. We will notify you by email of the
classification change.

**Note:** If you disagree with the classification, upload a new safety data
sheet or exemption sheet on [Manage dangerous goods
classification](/fba/compliance-dashboard/index.html).

Whether or not you’re enrolled in the program, you must do the following when
listing a product that is under classification review or is regulated as a
dangerous good:

  * Comply with safety requirements. 
  * [Upload a safety data sheet](/gp/fba/material-safety-data-sheet/index.html) (or SDS, previously known as a material safety data sheet). To learn more, watch these Seller University videos: [Introduction to Safety Data Sheets](/learn/courses?moduleId=537) and [Submitting Safety Data Sheets](/learn/courses?moduleId=538). 
  * [Upload an exemption sheet](/gp/fba/material-safety-data-sheet/index.html). 

**Important:** You will have 14 business days to comply with product safety
compliance requirements. Not providing this information may result in delayed
shipments, canceled customer deliveries, or inventory disposed at your
expense. Amazon reserves the right to take the corresponding actions without
prior notice.

## Fulfillment center storage

**Dangerous goods capacity limits**

Space at fulfillment centers are designed to safely process and store
dangerous goods and are divided into two categories: **flammable** and
**aerosol**.

Once enrolled in the dangerous goods program, you can view your dangerous
goods capacity limits on [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html)
and [Inventory Performance](/inventory-performance/dashboard). Expand the
**Capacity Monitor** section at the bottom of the page to view the capacity
limits for **flammable** and **aerosol**.

Dangerous goods capacity limits are based on store performance and the space
that you actively use. We regularly assess these metrics and adjust limits
accordingly. Dangerous goods capacity limits are not based on your [Inventory
performance
index](https://sellercentral.amazon.ca/gp/help/external/202174810?locale=en-
CA) score.

**FBA capacity limits**

FBA measures storage in volume rather than units. To see how your products are
categorized and how much cubic feet they occupy, go to [FBA
Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) dashboard and the [FBA
Inventory report](/reportcentral/MANAGE_INVENTORY_HEALTH/1). To check the
storage fees associated with your products, go to [Inventory storage
fees](/gp/help/hub/reference/external/G3EDYEF6KUCFQTNM).

