---
title: FBA peak readiness playbook
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G4QH4XCRWUXRJBLY
section: General Documentation
---

During the holiday shopping season, we value our partnership with independent
sellers and the crucial role you play in providing great selection and
delighting customers every day.

As we prepare for a successful peak season together, we asked our experts for
tool recommendations and tips that can help grow your business during the
holidays. Use this playbook to find important information such as timelines
and best practices for inventory management, shipping, and storage.

## Inbound requirement adjustments for US FBA peak inventory shipments now in
effect

We understand many of you are experiencing longer receive times that are
affecting your shipments. High demand has led to longer receive times at some
of our West Coast inbound locations and for palletized freight. We’re actively
taking steps to resolve the situation, including rerouting shipments to other
regions to increase capacity.

We know how important it is for your inventory to be ready for peak season.
We’re continuing to monitor the situation and are working hard to ensure your
inventory is placed before your deals start. We’ve provided more information
in the FAQ below:

#### What changes are you making to the inbound placement service fee?

Effective immediately, we’ve temporarily lowered the rate range for the
inbound placement service fee for Minimal shipment splits into the East region
by $0.05 per unit. For adjusted rates, go to [2024 inbound placement service
fee](/help/hub/reference/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.ATVPDKIKX0DER&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.A2FDH4LQU3STS2&mons_sel_persist=true).

#### What changes are you making to shipment windows?

To protect your metrics and prevent unnecessary fees or penalties caused by
long receive times, we’ve extended the following windows until October 31,
2024, for shipments created on or after August 7, 2024:

  * **Automatic closure window:** Extended to 90 days for shipments created between August 7 and October 31, 2024. This is increasing from 45 days for domestic shipments and 75 days for international shipments to account for long receive times. We recommend you cancel shipments that you don’t intend to send during this time, as it will impact your capacity limit utilization.
  * **Abandoned shipments window:** Extended from 30 days to 45 days from first receive for shipments created between August 7 and October 31, 2024. All shipments in your multi-destination plan must begin receiving within 45 days after the first shipment in that plan arrives at our facilities. This is increasing from 30 days to account for long receive times.

#### What does Amazon recommend sellers do to shorten receive lead times?

We appreciate your preparedness as we navigate high inbound traffic in our
fulfillment centers. To help us reduce receive times and ensure your products
are available for customer sales and fast delivery this peak season, we
recommend you do the following:

  * Use the **Partial or Minimal shipment split options to the East or Central regions**.
  * Choose the **Amazon-optimized shipment splits** when you create new shipments. This will help you spread your inventory across all regions faster and incur no inbound placement service fee. 
  * Select **night or weekend deliveries** to increase your chances of securing earlier appointments and spread out demand. If you’re shipping through a non-partnered carrier, contact your carrier to find out if earlier appointments are available in Carrier Central.
  * Use the **Amazon Partnered Carrier Program or Amazon Freight** for small parcel, less than truckload, and full truckload shipments. We’ll work directly with the partner carrier to redirect freight after destinations are assigned to help you avoid longer receive times.

#### Will Amazon charge me low-inventory-level fees if my inventory delivered
but not received yet?

If you have sent enough inventory to cover your target levels you will not be
charged low-level inventory fees for delivered but not received inventory.
Delivered inventory counts towards your inventory level, even if it is not
received yet. Go to [Shipping Queue](/gp/ssof/shipping-
queue.html/ref=xx_fbashipq_dnav_xx#fbashipment) in Seller Central to track the
progress and status of your shipment, including when it has been received and
processed.

#### How is Amazon helping me get my inventory placed into the region of my
choice with longer receive times?

To address long receive times, we’re taking multiple actions to expedite the
receive process whenever possible. If you shipped your products using the
Amazon Partnered Carrier Program or Amazon Freight, we may redirect your
shipments to other sites to minimize any delays. If you are shipping through a
non-partnered carrier, we recommend connecting with your third-party carrier
to get an earlier appointment through Carrier Central.

## Timelines

The following are the key dates you’ll want to know to help plan ahead. To
maximize your sales potential this peak season, be sure your Fulfillment by
Amazon (FBA) inventory arrives at our fulfillment centers on time for holiday
deal events.

#### Events:

  * **October 8 to 9:** Prime Big Deal Days.
  * **November 21 to December 2:** Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
  * **December 24 to December 25:** Christmas

#### Deal sourcing:

  * **June 11:** Deal sourcing begins for Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
  * **August 9:** Deal sourcing for Lightning Deals and Best Deals ends for Prime Big Deal Days. 
  * **August 14:** Prime Exclusive Discounts can be submitted for Prime Big Deal Days starting on this date and until the event ends. Prime Exclusive Discount deal sourcing for Black Friday and Cyber Monday will open after Prime Big Deal Days has ended.
  * **October 11:** Deal sourcing for Lightning Deals and Best Deals for Black Friday and Cyber Monday will close on this date. Deals will run the entire event and will start as a Prime Exclusive.

#### Inventory management:

  * **July 1 to November 10:** Our fulfillment centers will prioritize receiving inventory to help ensure your products are placed in the right fulfillment centers ahead of peak.
  * **July 23:** Estimated capacity limits for October can be viewed in the [Capacity Monitor](/fba/dashboard/).
  * **August 20:** Estimated capacity limits for November can be viewed in the Capacity Monitor.
  * **September 13:** Inventory must arrive at our fulfillment centers by this date to guarantee your products are Prime badge-ready by Prime Big Deal Days.
  * **October 19:** Inventory must arrive at our fulfillment centers by this date to guarantee your products are Prime badge-ready by Black Friday.
  * **November 11 to December 29:** Fulfillment centers shift focus to processing customer orders, as this is the busiest time of year for us.
  * **November 22:** Inventory must arrive at our fulfillment centers by this date to guarantee your products are Prime badge-ready by Christmas.

**Note:** We'll have limited slots to accept new shipments at our fulfillment
centers during this time.

## Tools

  * [Capacity Monitor](/fba/dashboard/): Keep track of how much FBA inventory you can send to and store in our fulfillment centers.
  * [Capacity Manager](/help/hub/reference/GM6SJGQDA625AUCJ): Request extra FBA capacity for fast-selling products you need to keep in stock — generally those that sell in less than four weeks.
  * [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/asdn/about#learn-service): Store bulk inventory with AWD and we’ll automatically replenish your products to fulfillment centers based on demand signals to help ensure you maintain the right FBA inventory levels.
  * [Amazon Global Logistics](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-global-logistics): Ship ocean cargo from China directly to the Amazon fulfillment network in the US, UK, and Europe.

**Important:** For US only, use Amazon Managed Placement to send inventory to
a single destination location and have Amazon spread that inventory to regions
based on product demand.

  * [Send to Amazon](/fba/sendtoamazon/): Streamlined workflow that simplifies FBA shipment creation process.
  * [Shipment Performance Dashboard](/help/hub/reference/GUZFHG4ST4FXH267): Helps you oversee and manage your FBA shipments to us.
  * [FBA Prep Service](/help/hub/reference/G201023020): Properly package and prepare your FBA shipments for our fulfillment centers.
  * [Box-Level Inventory Placement](/help/hub/reference/GWK3VTXZ9W5LHMEN): For small parcel shipments, this helps improve the distribution of your products across Amazon’s fulfillment network.
  * [FBA Inventory Report](/reportcentral/MANAGE_INVENTORY_HEALTH/1): Shows your current inventory levels and provides the recommended minimum amount to keep in stock.
  * [Shipment Summary](/help/hub/reference/G201022330): Provides step-by-step updates about your shipments to Amazon and gives you visibility into the status of your inventory.
  * [Inventory Ledger](/reportcentral/WelcomePage): Monitor and analyze your inventory movements to and from our fulfillment centers.
  * [FBA Dashboard](/fba/dashboard/): Provides a summarized view of your FBA business, including sales, shipments, inventory, and FBA opportunities.
  * [FBA Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth?ref=fbacentral_nav_fba): Allows you to monitor critical factors that affect your sales performance, assess fees, optimize prices, and maintain a healthy Inventory Performance Index (IPI) score by using your capacity at fulfillment centers efficiently.

## Fees

The annual holiday peak fulfillment fee will apply from October 15, 2024,
through January 14, 2025\. This seasonal fee is similar to those charged by
other major carriers and covers increased operating costs during the busy
holiday season.

The 2024 holiday peak fulfillment fee will apply to all products. The fee
amount will be the same for all items within a specific size-band for each
store and will apply to US FBA, Canada FBA, Remote Fulfillment with FBA, US
Multi-Channel Fulfillment, and Buy with Prime.

The average holiday peak fulfillment fee will remain the same as last year,
except for products priced under $10 in US FBA for which the peak fee is new
in 2024. Amazon’s average FBA fulfillment fees continue to be 70% less
expensive than comparable two-day shipping methods offered by other major
third-party logistics providers.

To determine how the holiday peak fulfillment fee may affect your business,
see the following:

  * [2024 US FBA fulfillment fee changes](/help/hub/reference/external/GABBX6GZPA8MSZGW)
  * [2024 Fees for Remote Fulfillment with FBA](/help/hub/reference/external/G57UH6FFZUJ5DX3W)
  * [2024 Multi-Channel Fulfillment holiday peak fulfillment fee](/help/hub/reference/external/GU9APCGF6KETA8WC)
  * [Buy with Prime rates](https://buywithprime.amazon.com/knowledge-center/pricing)

## Send your shipments to Amazon

To help meet customer demand and drive sales during the peak season, we aim to
store inventory closest to customers so your products are ready for shipment.
You can help by sending shipments in early and providing tracking information
so we can prepare to receive your inventory.

#### Send shipments in early:

  * To help ensure you have the right inventory levels for peak, we recommend sending your shipments to us in **August** and **September**. This allows your inventory to arrive at our fulfillment centers to help guarantee your products are Prime badge ready by Black Friday.
  * When planning holiday shipments, account for potential supply chain disruptions like supplier delays, carrier issues, or customs delays. Big events like port closures can also cause issues. Book your carrier service well ahead of time to avoid delays in getting your shipment picked up.
  * Use [Send to Amazon](/help/hub/reference/G6925SDD66GDLXJW) to save time creating shipments for refilling your FBA inventory. Be mindful of [issues with your shipments](/help/hub/reference/G200893760) that can slow down how quickly we receive your products or cause delays in selling them. Check the [Shipment Performance dashboard](/help/hub/reference/GUZFHG4ST4FXH267) to keep an eye on how well your shipments to us are performing.
  * [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/asdn/about#learn-service) is a great option for sending your shipments in early. When you store bulk inventory with AWD, we’ll automatically replenish your products to fulfillment centers as needed to help ensure you maintain the right inventory levels.
  * [Amazon Global Logistics](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-global-logistics) is an ocean freight transportation service that connects directly to our global fulfillment networks. It provides reliable and simple cross-border logistics, allowing you to deliver cargo faster by shipping inventory from China directly to the Amazon fulfillment network in the US, UK, and Europe. To get started, see our [US onboarding guide](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Amazon_Global_Logistics/Seller_onboarding/Amazon_Global_Logistics_-_Onboarding_to_Seller_Central_US_01_04_24.pdf), [EU and UK onboarding guide](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Amazon_Global_Logistics/Seller_onboarding/Amazon_Global_Logistics_-_Seller_Central_-_EU_UK_Onboarding_Guide_US_01_04_24.pdf), and [booking guide](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/Amazon_Global_Logistics/Seller_Booking/Amazon_Global_Logistics_-_Seller_Central_-_US_Booking_Guide_03.20.2024.pdf).
  * Set up a new Amazon Global Logistics profile and get up to an 8% discount on your ocean freight bookings for 60 days after onboarding. Terms and conditions may vary. Review the applicable discount with our [sales team](https://go.pardot.com/l/1011381/2024-01-03/44c3bn?initialSessionID=139-4128969-9852537&ld=NSGoogle&ldStackingCodes=SDUSSOADirect%3ENSGoogle) at the time of booking.

#### Let Amazon know when your shipments are expected to arrive:

  * If you are shipping with carriers that are not partnered with Amazon, make sure to provide an accurate estimated delivery date range in the Tracking details step using the [Send to Amazon](/help/hub/reference/G6925SDD66GDLXJW) workflow. This helps us receive and route your products to the right fulfillment centers faster. You can update the delivery window if you expect delays.
  * The delivery date range is an estimate of when your shipment will arrive at our fulfillment centers. We use this information to prepare for your incoming shipments, and notify you of any expected delays within the estimated range so you can manage your shipments efficiently.

#### Follow shipment guidelines:

  * When creating shipments for FBA, double check that all the information you enter is accurate to avoid delays in receiving your shipments at our fulfillment centers. Look carefully at things like the number of units in each box, total number of boxes, and total weight.
  * Provide information on what’s inside each box during shipment creation, either through Seller Central or [Amazon Marketplace Web Service](/help/hub/reference/G200389230). Omitting this can disqualify your shipment from auto-receiving and incur a [manual processing fee](/help/hub/reference/G202061550).
  * Use the [FBA Prep Service](/help/hub/reference/G201023020) to make sure your products are packaged properly for shipping to our fulfillment centers. Having the right packaging and prep helps avoid delays and keep your products protected.
  * For heavy items, attach a Team Lift or Mechanical Lift label to the boxes to help ensure safe handling and receiving in our fulfillment center. Check the [shipping and routing requirements](/help/hub/reference/G200141510) for more details on this process.

#### Avoid shipment delays:

  * Choose the Partial or Amazon-optimized shipment splits when creating new shipments to help us spread out your inventory and receive a lower [inbound placement service fee](/help/hub/reference/external/GC3Q44PBK8BXQW3Z). For small parcel deliveries, the [box-level inventory placement](/help/hub/reference/GWK3VTXZ9W5LHMEN) program makes multi-destination shipping plans easier.
  * Make sure to give carriers the right destination addresses of your shipments. We start preparing to receive your inventory when you create a shipping plan, and sending shipments to the wrong place, or sending incomplete shipments, can cause delays. See our policies for details on [deleted, misrouted, and incomplete shipments](/help/hub/reference/external/GLMEBQLNBY97ANYY) and learn more about [inbound defect fees](/help/hub/reference/external/GL5XA3MNXAJKJE8E).
  * Provide tracking information like carrier name and shipping method in the Tracking details section of your [Send to Amazon](/help/hub/reference/G6925SDD66GDLXJW) workflow. This helps us plan and receive your inventory faster, which minimizes delays and makes in-transit inventory available sooner for sale to customers. You can also send tracking details to us through [Amazon Marketplace Web Service](/help/hub/reference/G200389230).

## Manage your inventory

There are multiple ways to manage your inventory during peak. We recommend
starting early on your holiday inventory strategy with these tools that can be
used separately, or together, to create a customized storage plan.

####  [Capacity Monitor](/fba/dashboard/)

Capacity Monitor is a tool in the FBA dashboard that helps you keep track of
how much inventory you can send to and store in the Amazon fulfillment
network. It shows your capacity limits for the upcoming month for each storage
type, as well as estimated limits for the following two months. You can use
Capacity Monitor to stay up-to-date on your capacity limits for peak and plan
ahead. You can start viewing estimated capacity limits for October on July 23,
and for November starting on August 20.

####  [Capacity Manager](/help/hub/reference/GM6SJGQDA625AUCJ)

The Capacity Manager allows you to request additional capacity at fulfillment
centers for your fast-selling products, typically those that sell out in under
four weeks. You can submit a bid by specifying the maximum reservation fee
you're willing to pay. No upfront payment is required. Requests are granted
objectively starting with the highest reservation fee in descending order
until all available capacity has been allocated. In addition, you can receive
a low reservation fee. If later requests are granted at a lower reservation
fee for the same time period, your already-granted request will adjust
downward to match. You’ll also earn performance credits from sales generated
using the extra capacity, which can offset up to 100% of the reservation fee.
The tool will allow you to enable the auto-cancellation feature to ensure you
only pay for the capacity you actually need. When enabled, it automatically
cancels up to 100% of your request if your confirmed limit exceeds the prior
estimated limit. For more information, see our
[guide](/learn/courses?moduleId=aa91670d-b4ed-48a3-8868-3fd6c69af8ec) and
[video tutorial](/learn/courses?moduleId=d3898eb2-2404-47d8-9fa9-d3c06cd71812)
to help you create Capacity Manager requests, set reservation fees, and
estimate performance credits.

####  [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)](/asdn/about#learn-service)

AWD is a low-cost bulk storage solution with pay-as-you-go pricing for
inventory with more than four weeks of cover. There are no additional fees for
AWD during peak times, so send in your excess weeks of cover to AWD to avoid
peak fees. When you store your excess inventory with AWD, we’ll automatically
replenish your products to fulfillment centers based on demand signals to help
ensure you maintain the right inventory levels in FBA. Also, you can control
which SKUs to auto-replenish. Inventory that is auto-replenished from AWD to
FBA does not count towards the FBA capacity limits. In addition, AWD pricing
covers FBA inbound placement, so there’s no separate charge for this service.
You can use the [AWD shipment creation
guide](/help/hub/reference/GTPL7PGKU7WUKJSW) to get started.

To help you plan for peak season, we have a limited time offer. You’ll receive
25% off the [base rate](/help/hub/reference/GAYG62Q3MPE6STFS) for AWD storage
fees, and 15% off the base rate for both AWD processing and transportation
fees. Discounts will automatically appear on your monthly fee report in Seller
Central.

**Important:** This promotion ends September 30, 2024, and is subject to the
[AWD Promotions Terms &
Conditions](/help/hub/reference/GMQYBX2G2W33MDDJ?ref=awd_awr_us_tnc_20240617_peak).

## Maintain stock

Proper inventory tracking during peak helps ensure you have enough items in
stock to capitalize on faster delivery speeds. On average, sellers who
maintain healthy inventory levels see a 15 to 20% increase in sales. The
following are suggestions on how regularly restocking can mitigate low-
inventory fees, while monitoring tools to help you maintain the right
inventory levels:

  * Keep enough inventory in stock (aim for at least 28 days of inventory based on your historical demand) to help ensure faster delivery speeds.
  * Use the [restock report](/restockinventory/reports?reportTypeId=94300) to see which products need more units and how many to send.
  * The [FBA inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth) page shows your current inventory levels and provides the recommended minimum amount to keep in stock. You can also download the [FBA inventory report](/reportcentral/MANAGE_INVENTORY_HEALTH/1).
  * [Restock recommendations](/restockinventory/recommendations) show you when to ship more products and how many units to send Amazon to meet the minimum inventory levels. Also, AWD auto-replenishment to FBA can help you stay in stock without worry.

#### Low-inventory-level fee:

  * The [FBA low-inventory-level fee](/help/hub/reference/GV43F6S76Y9DHYRH) is less likely to impact you during deals events as the fee considers long-term inventory performance over the past 90 days. We recommend you bring enough inventory into the Amazon network to meet your deal demand at least four weeks in advance of your deal event to ensure you have a high historical days of supply metric to avoid the fee while your deals are running.
  * To help reduce the risk of incurring the fee after the deals event, we recommend you send shipments to us consistently to maintain more than 28 days of inventory supply for your post-deals event sales.
  * The low-inventory-level fee won’t apply to the following:
    * New professional sellers, for the first 365 days after the first inventory-received date.
    * New-to-FBA parent products for the first 180 days after the first inventory-received date. You must be enrolled in [FBA New Selection](/fulfillment-by-amazon/new-selection/dashboard) to get this benefit.
    * SKUs when you auto-replenish 70% or more of that SKU to FBA through Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD) over the prior 90 days, as AWD manages inventory replenishment into FBA on your behalf.

## Track your inventory

Tracking your shipments and inventory levels is key for a successful holiday
season. We provide tools and best practices to help you monitor inventory
status, shipment progress, and inventory flow, allowing you to make informed
decisions and meet customer demand during peak.

  * The Shipment events tab on the [shipment summary](/help/hub/reference/G201022330) page provides detailed updates about your shipments to Amazon, from creation to closing, and gives you visibility into the status of your inventory.
  * If you use a non-partner carrier, proactively communicate with your carrier to get progress reports and delivery confirmation.
  * If you use Amazon freight and carriers that partner with Amazon, we can help locate your shipment if needed. Submit a [carrier missed pickup](/help/center) request to Amazon for additional assistance.
  * Use the [inventory ledger](/reportcentral/WelcomePage) report to monitor your end-to-end inventory movements by to and from Amazon fulfillment centers. This report shows your starting inventory balance, received inventory, customer orders and returns, adjustments, removals, and ending balance.

## Create a deal

Promotions (including deals, Prime Exclusive Discounts, and coupons) that run
in our store during high-velocity sales events like peak can help you increase
customer traffic and conversion rates.

Deals (such as, Lightning Deals and Best Deals) can be submitted on the
[Deals](/merchandising-new/create) page. Deals require active ASIN
recommendations for the event, and once submitted will be scheduled to run
during the event or in the lead-up or lead-out to the event. For more
information, go to [Deals for events](/help/hub/reference/G202183600). Deals
are subject to fees, which can be viewed during deal creation. For more
information, see [Understanding deal fees](/help/hub/reference/G202111590).

Prime Exclusive Discounts for Prime Big Deal Days, Black Friday, and Cyber
Monday must run a minimum discount of 15% off the validated reference price to
be eligible for the event. To learn more, review the [Eligibility criteria for
Prime Exclusive Discounts](/help/hub/reference/GNC7446W4QUUSXEU).

Starting on August 14, 2024, and until the event ends, you can submit your
Prime Exclusive Discount for Prime Big Deal Days. Prime Exclusive Discount
deal sourcing for Black Friday and Cyber Monday will open after Prime Big Deal
Days has ended. For more information, see [Create a Prime Exclusive
Discount](/help/hub/reference/GZG6D3FZA9VSP4XH).

Also effective on August 14, 2024, each Prime Exclusive Discount that’s part
of an event will be charged a flat, one-time $50 fee that will be invoiced
separately after the promotion ends. The fee does not increase if you include
multiple products within the promotion. For example, a Prime Exclusive
Discount on 20 products or 500 products would both be charged an event fee of
$50. Prime Exclusive Discounts that run during non-event days will not be
charged a fee.

For more details, go to [Prime Exclusive Discount
fee](/help/hub/reference/GVZXV3WZFCBR3VL2) and [Prime Exclusive Discount
FAQ](/help/hub/reference/GPXVNNG52W63SFGK).

