---
title: FBA Enrollment Opportunities
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GLVZKY7AM8CKEBU6
section: General Documentation
---

[FBA Enrollment Opportunities](/next/fba?) is a tool that analyzes your
catalog and recommends which ASINs to enroll in FBA.

## How FBA Enrollment Opportunities work

[FBA Enrollment Opportunities](/next/fba?) can help you identify which ASINs
to enroll in which FBA programs. The tool uses a machine-learning system to
identify products in your catalog that will benefit from an FBA program.

To improve our tools, we encourage you to provide feedback

## Benefits of FBA Enrollment Opportunities

The recommendations tool is designed to help guide your selling decisions.
Recommendations can help you find key information about an ASIN, such as the
price of the Featured Offer.

Though we can’t guarantee perfect recommendations 100% of the time, our
machine-learning system is constantly building on existing data to offer
increasingly accurate and comprehensive recommendations.

## Limitations of recommendations

Though we try our best to constantly improve recommendations, no system is
perfect. If you find errors in your recommendations, please contact [Selling
Partner Support](/help/hub/support). We read every comment and use your
feedback to guide our improvement efforts.

## How to find more data

Because we can't access your cost data, recommendations don't factor in your
costs. Therefore, in response to feedback from sellers like you, we've made it
possible to download all the data points for each of your recommendations.
Note that higher costs for certain channels may be offset by an increase in
sales.

If you would like to access the FBA revenue calculator, click into the product
dimensions listed under the column "FBA fees". It will redirect you to the
integrated FBA revenue calculator, which allows for a comprehensive view of
fulfillment costs. In the revenue calculator, you can also compare your
fulfillment channel costs versus FBA, as well as forecast costs for the
holiday season and non-holiday season months.

## When to act on recommendations

We recommend that you act on recommendations at the time that they’re listed.
If you wait to act, make sure to go back and check that the ASIN is still
recommended for the respective program.

## How to use FBA Opportunities

  1. Go to **Inventory** and select **Opportunities**

  2. On the [FBA Enrollment Opportunities](/next/fba?) page, the following options are displayed.
     * **Recommendations**
     * **All Products**

  3. Click **>** to view the analysis for the required product’s past performance and opportunities for up to the past 12 months. Additionally, you can view customer rating, best sellers rank, competing offers, featured offer, and applicable promotion conditions. 

  4. To download all of the data for your recommendations, click **Download all results** on the top right.

  5. To enroll ASINs into FBA, select the required product. Under the **Action** column, click **Enroll in FBA**. You can also select multiple ASINs and click **Enroll Multiple** at the top right of the recommendation list. 

## Frequently asked questions

#### How do I use the "Recommendation Type" filter column?

This filter displays the main rationales behind each recommendation. Here’s
when you’d see each of the most common rationales:

  * **Delivery promise:** If the ASIN’s average delivery time is greater than three days, converting it to FBA may ensure faster delivery and a better customer experience.
  * **High Demand:** If the established demand for this product is high enough, converting it to FBA would help you reach more customers. We get this information from glance views, sales velocity, and units sold.
  * **Low Competition:** Considering the low competition for this product on FBA channel, there is a possibility for you to win the featured offer.
  * **Low-Price FBA Fees:** Products priced under $10 will automatically receive Low-price FBA rates with same delivery speeds as standard FBA.

#### How can I apply additional filters to my recommendations?

There are 4 ways to further categorize your recommendations:

  * The first way is by going to the recommendation type drop-down and selecting the filter of your choice.
  * The second way is filtering by Brand Name in the following drop-down menu on the page.
  * The third way is by filtering only by recommendations that meet the "Promotion Eligible" criteria.
  * The fourth way is by selecting the "All Filters" tab on the right in order to include all desired filters at once.

#### How do I provide feedback on an ASIN?

Select one ore more ASIN and click **Feedback** on the upper right-hand
corner.

#### How often do recommendations get updated?

Recommendations are refreshed daily on the FBA Enrollment Opportunities page.
Make sure to download the data file for each new set of recommendations.

#### How do I use the "Potential sales lift" column?

The Potential sales lift for a recommendation estimates the incremental sales
you could have gained over 90 days if you had taken this action, on this
product, 90 days ago. It is based on a wide range of factors, including but
not limited to: seasonality, selling price, and existing fulfillment solution.

#### What kind of information am I viewing in the "All Products" tab?

Until now, FBA Enrollment Opportunities only displayed recommended ASINs. You
can now view the entire MFN (merchant-fulfillment network) catalog to find
recommendations, promotions and selection for FBA eligibility. You can also
perform detailed analysis of your entire catalog for FBA enrollment.

