---
title: Funds disbursement eligibility policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G9RA9LYBJ3QP27M6
section: General Documentation
---

Customer trust is paramount to Amazon, and we strictly prohibit the sale of
counterfeit goods and other deceptive, fraudulent, and illegal activity. Our
funds disbursement eligibility policy is aimed at protecting customers and
sellers from abuse.

If we deactivate your account under Section 3 of the Business Solutions
Agreement and determine that your actions may result in risks to Amazon or
third parties, then we may withhold any funds that may be in your account.
These funds may be used to cover liability from your conduct and offset
amounts that you owe, such as product returns or refunds, A-to-z claims from
customers, inventory removal costs, outstanding fees, or monetary and non-
monetary damages inflicted on Amazon.

You may appeal your account deactivation by following the instructions
provided to you in the notice of account deactivation or in Seller Central. If
your account is reinstated as a result of the appeal, funds will be released
and disbursed according to your disbursement schedule.

Even if your appeal is not decided in your favor, or you choose not to appeal
the deactivation, you can separately appeal to seek any withheld funds by
contacting [disbursement-appeals@amazon.com](mailto:disbursement-
appeals@amazon.com) at any point after 60 days from the date when your account
was deactivated. We will release any remaining funds (less any amounts used to
offset amounts you owe us) after evaluating your account for deceptive,
fraudulent, or other illegal activity and confirming your identity.

During this process, we may request that you provide additional information or
documentation regarding your identity, financial instruments, or supply chain.
This additional information is critical to our anti-fraud controls.
Additionally, we may validate any information that you provide with third
party services or government agencies.

If we find that you have **engaged in deceptive, fraudulent, harmful, or
illegal activity, have abused our systems, or repeatedly violated our
policies, or if we cannot confirm your identity, we may in our sole discretion
permanently withhold any payments to you.**

Examples of deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activities include, but are not
limited to: falsifying or misrepresenting your identity or activity in our
store, attempting to circumvent or manipulate our systems, or violating the
[Amazon anti-counterfeiting
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201165970).**  
**  
  
  
  
  
  

