---
title: Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G53921
section: General Documentation
---

Fulfillment by Amazon programs and services can help you grow your business
and reach more customers. With FBA, you send your products to Amazon’s
fulfillment centers, and we pick, pack, ship, and provide customer service for
those products.

##  Why should you use Fulfillment by Amazon?

The benefits of using FBA include:

  * **Free shipping on eligible orders:** With FBA, your products are eligible for Amazon Prime free Two-Day Shipping, and all Amazon.com customers can get free shipping on eligible orders.
  * **Customer service and returns:** Amazon provides customer service on your behalf and handles returns for FBA orders.
  * **Opportunities to reach new customers:** Programs such as [FBA Subscribe & Save](/gp/help/G201620110), [Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/mcf), and [FBA Export](/gp/help/200149570) can help you maximize sales and build customer loyalty.
  * **Tools to help you manage your business:** Choose from [optional services](/gp/help/G201074400) including product preparation, labeling, and repackaging, and Amazon partnered carrier options.

##  How to use FBA

You can start using FBA by following these steps.

**Step 1: Set up FBA.** If you already have a Selling on Amazon account, [add
FBA to your account](/gp/ssof-invite/join-fba-
redirect.html/ref=asus_fba_how_add?pf_rd_m=A2CA1KKALKCX2O&pf_rd_s=top-6&pf_rd_r=0CZYT68T4J27GPDDYVEB&pf_rd_p=1294425882&scInvite=Y&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_i=fba&ld=NSGoogle).
If you don't, [set up your Amazon selling
account](https://services.amazon.com/selling/getting-started.html) first.

**Step 2: Create your product listings.** Add your products to the Amazon
catalog one at a time, in bulk, or by integrating your inventory management
software with Amazon's API. To learn more, visit [Product detail pages and
offers](/gp/help/51) and [List products for Fulfillment by
Amazon](/gp/help/G200141220).

**Step 3: Prepare your products:** Proper preparation, packaging, and labeling
can help ensure your products get transported safely and securely to the
fulfillment center and made available quickly to customers. For more
information, see [Packaging and prep requirements](/gp/help/200141500) and
[Shipping and routing requirements](/gp/help/200141510).

**Step 4: Ship your products to Amazon:** Create your shipping plan, print
Amazon shipment ID labels, and send your shipments to Amazon fulfillment
centers. To learn more, visit [Send FBA inventory to
Amazon](/gp/help/G200141420).

Once your products are received at the fulfillment center, they are available
for customers to buy. For more information, see [How Amazon receives and
stores your inventory](/gp/help/G201081250) and [Manage FBA
orders](/gp/help/200141600).

##  Convert existing inventory to FBA

If you’re already an Amazon seller, you can convert your existing inventory to
FBA. Here’s how:

## Offer a product through both fulfillment channels

You can offer a product through both fulfillment channels—Fulfilled by Amazon
and merchant fulfilled—simultaneously, by creating a unique SKU for each
fulfillment channel rather than toggling a single SKU between the two
channels.

To add a SKU for the second fulfillment channel:

  1. On the Manage Inventory page, select the arrow to the right of the product listing’s **Edit** button, and then choose **Add another condition**. 

  2. On the Offer form, create a new SKU for the ASIN. 

**Note:** You cannot use the same SKU as your existing offer. To help organize
your SKUs, you might want to add _-FBA_ or _.FBA_ to the end of the SKU to be
fulfilled by Amazon.

  3. For **Fulfillment Channel** , select the channel for the new SKU to use. For example, if the existing SKU is merchant fulfilled, select **Amazon will ship and provide customer service** for this SKU. 

  4. Click **Save and finish** to begin the shipment creation process.

This method also allows you to create a marketplace-specific SKU for your
[North America Unified Account](/gp/help/201617630).

##  More resources

  * For a quick introduction to the shipment creation process, watch the [Seller University](/learn/?ref_=su_video_page_header) video series beginning with [How FBA works](/learn/courses?courseId=8&moduleId=38). 
  * Download [Getting started with Fulfillment by Amazon in the U.S. marketplace](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/G/01/fba-help/QRG/FBA_Quick_Start_en-US.pdf) (.pdf) 

