---
title: Manage pricing
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/PTFQ566449VXXCP
section: General Documentation
---

The Manage Pricing page allows you to update prices on any active listings,
either one by one or in batches. It includes columns most commonly used for
making price updates, but you can change the columns you want to see by
clicking **Preferences**. See [Set your Manage Inventory page
preferences](https://rainier-m1k.integ.amazon.com/gp/help/GE7UVMSSJREL55WA) to
customize the page view of Manage Inventory.

The **Price and shipping cost** column on the [Manage
Inventory](/inventory/ref=xx_invmgr_dnav_xx) page indicates product prices.
The shipping charge is displayed in **Price** for active listings only.

**Note:****Shipping** indicates the lowest shipping charge available for a
product, based on your shipping settings. When you sort by the Price column,
the shipping charge is not taken into account.

Set minimum and maximum price limits. If you have listings that are
deactivated because of potential pricing errors, you can confirm and update
your prices by clicking [Price Alerts](/inventory?viewId=PRICEALERTS) tab and
entering limits in Your Maximum Price and Your Minimum Price fields for each
deactivated listing.

To set price limits, you can add minimum and maximum price for each listing in
**Manage Inventory** view in Price and Shipping Cost column. Update the price
of your product, and Minimum and Maximum price against each listing within
Price and Shipping cost column. For automated pricing to increase your chances
of becoming the features offer click View reference and business prices.

