---
title: Minimum Inventory Level overview
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G9BYNYF4FAXXBPJZ
section: General Documentation
---

Minimum Inventory Level is a planning tool to help you improve delivery
speeds, maintain a healthy IPI score, and reduce the risk of incurring a [low-
inventory-level fee](/gp/help/GV43F6S76Y9DHYRH). We recommend that you ensure
your next shipment reaches an Amazon fulfillment center before your sellable
on-hand inventory drops below the minimum recommended level.

Our inventory management model utilizes inputs such as our forecast of
customer demand (demand forecast) and your SKU replenishment settings to
generate a recommended minimum inventory level for each of your products
(FNSKU). These recommendations are updated on a weekly basis to ensure
accuracy and relevance.

**Note:** Minimum Inventory Level only considers sellable inventory within the
Amazon fulfillment network (that is, inventory units that are available for
sale and units that are being transferred between fulfillment centers).

## View the recommended minimum level for your products

Go to [FBA
Inventory](/inventoryplanning/manageinventoryhealth?ref_=xx_invplan_dnav_xx)
to check the recommended minimum for your products. Navigate to the
**Inventory health status and recommendation** column to view your current
sellable, on-hand inventory and the number of units that we recommend keeping
in stock. You can also download the [FBA Inventory
report](/reportcentral/MANAGE_INVENTORY_HEALTH/1).

The Minimum Inventory Level tool categorizes on-hand delivery levels for each
of your ASINs based on information such as your demand forecast, volatility,
and lead times:

  * Healthy: Your available on-hand inventory is at the optimal level, neither below the minimum inventory level nor having excessive units.
  * Low stock: Your available on-hand inventory has fallen below the minimum level and we recommend you consider restock recommendations and plan your inventory to deliver the best customer experience. 

**Note:** Low-stock inventory does not necessarily incur a low-inventory-level
fee. The low-inventory-level fee only applies when a product has consistently
low inventory levels relative to sales in the past.

  * Out of stock: Your sellable on hand inventory is at zero. 
  * Excess: You have an opportunity to improve your sell-through rate or reduce unnecessary storage costs by reducing excess on hand inventory. 

To review the inventory-level performance over the last 90 days, hover over
the **Details** link in pop-up window for weekly snapshots of both the
recommended level and your available on-hand inventory level.

## Help improve the accuracy of minimum inventory level recommendations

You can contribute to improving the accuracy of these recommendations by
reviewing and updating the replenishment settings for your products. Your
replenishment settings are mainly your Lead Time, which is the duration
between creating a new shipment to Amazon and the moment that shipment is
received at Amazon and your Replenishment frequency which is how often you
send inventory for this product to Amazon.

You can review these settings for each product in the pop-up window under the
**Inventory health status and recommendation** column on the FBA Inventory
page. For more information, go to [Customize SKU
settings](/gp/help/G455QMHQTVD5XW6P). To update your SKU settings, click the
hyperlink for a parameter in the pop-up window. You can also upload a file to
make bulk changes to your [inventory product
settings](/restockinventory/reports?reportTypeId=2691).

## Frequently asked questions

#### Does Minimum Inventory Level determine the low-inventory-level fee?

No. The minimum inventory level is only a recommendation and serves as an
additional data point that you can use to plan your future shipments to Amazon
in order to improve delivery speed and reduce your risk of incurring a low-
inventory-level fee in the future. Adherence to the recommended inventory
level does not determine whether or not a product will incur a low-inventory-
level fee. The low-inventory-level fee is based on a different metric called
Low-inventory-level fee. For more information on Low-inventory-level fee,
review [Low-inventory-level fee](/help/hub/reference/GV43F6S76Y9DHYRH).

#### Will my Inventory Performance Index (IPI) score drop if I increase my
inventory to maintain the recommended minimum level?

Your IPI score is designed to represent your overall inventory performance,
and one important way to maintain good performance is to balance on-hand
inventory and sales. Maintaining a healthy inventory level will positively
contribute to your inventory performance. We recommend that you follow the
recommended minimum inventory levels. In addition to a healthy inventory
level, IPI will continue to be affected by existing guidelines for good
inventory performance such as improving your 90-day rolling sell-through and
fixing listing problems.

If you have a capacity limit that prevents you from shipping products with low
inventory, we recommend that you reduce excess inventory by improving sell-
through rate, requesting a liquidation order, or requesting a return or
disposal order through a removal order. Go to FBA Inventory to identify
products with excess inventory. You can review your IPI score on the FBA
Inventory dashboard or the Inventory Performance dashboard. For detailed
guidance on improving IPI, go to [IPI frequently asked
questions](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZJF4DY2W6MERBAL?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.ATVPDKIKX0DER&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.AY539NIFVB426&mons_sel_persist=true&stck=NA).

#### How can I use Minimum Inventory Level for planning?

We recommend that you ensure your next shipment reaches an Amazon fulfillment
center before your buyable on-hand inventory drops below the recommended
minimum level. Additionally, you can also utilize Amazon's restock
recommendations, which offer specific ship-by dates and replenishment
quantities for your next shipments to maintain their inventory above the
recommended minimum level in the future.

#### Why don’t I see the minimum inventory level for some of my products?

We provide these recommendations on all products where we have the inputs
required to generate them. Newly added SKUs, SKUs with no sales for an
elongated period of time, and stranded inventory may be temporarily excluded
as we may not be able to predict sales for these products.

#### How do I plan for products with missing Minimum Inventory Level data?

For products without recommendations, plan to hold at least 28 days of cover
based on your estimated sales forecast, fix any stranded inventory, and update
your individual SKU settings. For more information, go to [Stranded inventory
overview](/help/hub/reference/G201436600) and [Customize SKU
settings](/help/hub/reference/G455QMHQTVD5XW6P).

#### Why is the recommendation for some of my products higher than 28 days of
sales (greater than 4 weeks of cover)?

Inventory-level recommendations primarily aim to enhance delivery speed by
securing healthy inventory level to spread across the network and make your
products closer to customers. In some cases, like sellers with longer lead
times or products with higher variability in their forecasts, this may require
maintaining inventory beyond the 28-day supply.

#### How does carrying safety stock at Amazon Warehousing and Distribution
affect minimum inventory recommendations?

When you maintain safety stock at Amazon Warehousing and Distribution, you can
react to fluctuations in customer demand faster, which reduces the inventory
level needed in the Amazon fulfillment network. Also, when you use the
program’s auto-replenishment service, you enable Amazon to take care of
keeping your FBA inventory at the Amazon fulfillment network above the minimum
level consistently with high in-stock rates. Products that are auto-
replenished through Warehousing and Distribution may be eligible for a low-
inventory-level fee waiver if they meet certain conditions. Review [Low-
inventory-level fee](/help/hub/reference/GV43F6S76Y9DHYRH).

#### How can I leave feedback on the Minimum Inventory Level planning tool?

Click **Rate this feature** at the top of the details pop-up window located in
Inventory health status and recommendation column.

