---
title: Order Performance program policy
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GGJVNFDXQT8C3RA8
section: General Documentation
---

The below Order Performance policies require that sellers meet minimum
performance standards on fulfillment, delivery, and customer service. These
policies are intended to ensure that customers will continue to have a
positive experience shopping in Amazon’s store after their order has been
placed.

You can see how you are performing against these metrics by reviewing the
Customer Service Performance and Shipping Performance sections on your
[Account Health](/performance/dashboard) dashboard.

## Order Defect Rate

The Order Defect Rate (ODR) is a key measure of your ability to provide a good
customer experience. It includes all orders with one or more defects (defined
below) represented as a percentage of total orders during a given 60-day time
period.

The following are the types of order defects:

  * Negative feedback
  * An A-to-z Guarantee claim 
  * Credit card chargeback

Our policy is that sellers maintain an Order Defect Rate under 1% in order to
sell on Amazon. An Order Defect Rate above 1% may result in loss or
restriction of selling privileges.

## Cancellation Rate

The Cancellation Rate (CR, or Pre-Fulfillment Cancellation Rate as it is
referred to on the Account Health page) includes all seller-canceled orders
represented as a percentage of total orders during a given 7-day period.

CR only applies to seller-fulfilled orders.

This metric includes all order cancellations initiated by the seller, with the
exception of those requested by the customer using the order-cancellation
options in their Amazon account. Pending orders that are canceled by the
customer directly on Amazon are not included.

Our policy is that sellers maintain a CR that is under 2.5% in order to sell
on Amazon. A CR above 2.5% may result in loss or restriction of selling
privileges.

## Late Shipment Rate

The Late Shipment Rate (LSR) includes all orders with a shipping confirmation
that is completed after the expected ship date. LSR is represented as a
percentage of total orders over both a 10-day or 30-day period. LSR only
applies to seller-fulfilled orders.

It is important to confirm the shipment of orders by the expected ship date so
that customers can see the status of their shipped orders online.

The following results can occur due to an order with a confirmed late shipment
date:

  * Increased A-to-z Guarantee claims
  * Negative feedback
  * Customer contacts
  * Negative customer experience

Our policy is that sellers maintain an LSR under 4% in order to sell on
Amazon. An LSR above 4% can result in loss or restriction of selling
privileges.

## Valid Tracking Rate

The Valid Tracking Rate (VTR) includes all shipments with a valid tracking
number represented as a percentage of total shipments during a given 30-day
period. Valid Tracking Rate only applies to seller-fulfilled orders.

Amazon customers depend on tracking numbers to find out where their orders are
and when they can expect to receive them. The Valid Tracking Rate is a
performance metric that reflects those expectations. All major carriers,
including USPS, FedEx, UPS, and DHL now offer free tracking.

Our policy is that sellers maintain a Valid Tracking Rate greater than 95% for
their shipments. A Valid Tracking Rate below 95% in a product category may
result in restrictions on your ability to sell non-FBA items within that
category. This may also affect your eligibility to participate in [Premium
shipping](/gp/help/G201503640).

## On-time delivery rate

On-time delivery rate (OTDR) measures the percentage of your tracked seller-
fulfilled items that were delivered on or before the seller-promised "Deliver
by" date, which is calculated with seller-set handling and transit time,
before the addition of promise extensions. This date can be different than the
delivery date shown to customers if promise extensions were added. Promise
extensions are additional days that we may add to the delivery date to account
for logistical factors that may delay a delivery, such as extreme weather,
transportation network constraints, or recent history of a seller delivering
shipments after their set delivery date.

To help reduce late deliveries and improve delivery speeds, effective
September 25, 2024, we require a minimum of a 90% OTDR without promise
extensions to have seller-fulfilled products listed on Amazon.com. An OTDR
below 90% can result in restriction of your ability to have seller-fulfilled
products listed. For a great customer experience, we recommend that you
maintain a 95% or greater OTDR for all seller-fulfilled orders. This policy
does not apply to offers using Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) because sellers are
not responsible for on-time delivery promises for FBA orders.

For more information, go to [Frequently asked questions about
OTDR](/help/hub/reference/G200847280).

## Address customer feedback

Certain negative performance metrics are caused by a customer’s feedback based
on their experience.

Try to determine the cause of the problem and work with the customer using one
of the following options:

**Use the Feedback Manager**

  1. Go to the Seller Central home page.

  2. Under **Performance** , click [Feedback](/feedback-manager/index.html#/).

  3. In the **Recent feedback** table, select **Contact customer** under the **Actions** column next to the designated Order ID.

**Note:** This action will only be available for neutral or negative feedback.

**Use the Buyer-Seller Messaging Service templates**

To use the Buyer-Seller Messaging Service templates, go to [Manage Email
Templates](/messaging/templates).

For more information, go to [Buyer-Seller Messaging
templates](/gp/help/G201109160).

**Note:** You can only use the Buyer-Seller Messaging Service templates to
contact a customer regarding an order or a customer service question.

