---
title: Policies for Amazon Handmade returns, refunds, restocking fees, and cancellations
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201817830
section: General Documentation
---

## Return eligibility

To ensure a consistent experience for customers, Handmade Makers must match or
exceed [Amazon’s return
policy](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=201819200),
which states you must accept any return requests within 30 days of customer
receipt of shipment.

An exception to this policy is items offered with customization options, other
than size and color, that are configured, personalized, or inscribed, such as
engravings, stamps, monograms, embroidery, embossing, etching, carving, or
printing. Items offered with customization options are ineligible for returns.
Go to **Customized products** below for additional details.

The table below shows examples of listings and how the return policy is
applied.

![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/handmade/HM_no_custom._CB1580251301_.jpg) | **Standard return policy applies:** In this example, the listing offers no customization options and returns must be accepted for return within 30 days of receipt of purchase by the customer.  
---|---  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/handmade/HM_size_color._CB1580251301_.jpg) | **Standard return policy applies:** In this example, the customer is asked to choose only size and color options and must be accepted for return within 30 days of receipt of purchase by the customer. **Note:** Size and color options are just examples. Other generic options may be presented; For example: finish, lengths, even selecting an initial.  
![](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/rainier/help/handmade/HM_custom_return._CB1580251301_.jpg) | **Standard** or **Customized Product policies can both apply** , depending on what the customer ordered. In this example, if the customer does NOT select the optional engraving option, the item must be accepted within 30 days of receipt of purchase by the customer. If, however, the buyer requested engraving on their item, the item is required to be accepted for return only if there was a misspelling or other error in the configuration, inscription, or design that was not the fault of the customer, the item arrives damaged, or the item is materially different than what was ordered.  
**Customized products**

Customized products are configured, personalized, or inscribed, such as
engravings, stamps, monograms, embroidery, embossing, etching, carving, or
printing. Items offered with customization options are ineligible for returns
but still fall under the A-to-z guarantee.

**Processing a return**

For information related to managing returns, including guidelines and FAQ, go
to [Manage seller-fulfilled returns](/gp/help/G200708210).

Customers who engage sellers about a return via [Buyer-Seller
Messaging](/messaging/inbox) should be instructed to raise their request via
the online return center.

Several categories including Amazon Handmade are exempt from automatic return
authorization. However, it is possible for sellers to enable automatic returns
on the [Return settings](/gp/returns/settings/) > **Resolutions**.

Sellers who sign-up for Customer Service by Amazon (CSBA) will have auto-
authorized returns enabled automatically, as it is a requirement of that
program. For more information on the program, including options for opting in
or out of the program, go to [Customer service for seller-fulfilled
orders](/gp/help/G797533XQVR4S6RG).

Customers prefer the option of being able to return an item free of charge.
You can enable this on all items, some items, or none of your items from the
[Return settings](/gp/returns/settings/) > Return program settings. For more
information on managing your free return settings, go to [Free returns for
seller-fulfilled orders](/gp/help/G8EKQAPUCQA9RAP8).

#### Return authorization

Respond to all return requests **within 24 hours** by selecting either
**Authorize request** or **Close request** (reject authorization), based on
return eligibility. If you close the request, always let your customer know
why their order is not eligible for return.

You can designate your preferred type of [return
authorization](/help/hub/reference/200828040) at [Return
settings](/gp/returns/settings/) > **General settings**. For more information,
go to [Process return
requests](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/help.html?itemID=/help/hub/reference/G201725690)
and [Complete or Close a return
request](/help/hub/reference/GWQ95DQ9UW4EF49F).

**Note:** All products sold by Handmade Makers are subject to Amazon’s
standard A-to-z Guarantee policies. If the buyer disputes the delivery or
condition of the item received, or receives the wrong product, they will be
asked to contact you to resolve the issue. If the issue is not resolved with
you directly, the buyer will have the option to file an Amazon A-to-z
Guarantee claim.

The following topics provide additional information related to standard A-to-z
Guarantee claims:

  * [About Amazon’s A-to-Z Guarantee claims](/gp/help/G27951)
  * [How to respond to an A-to-z Guarantee claim notification](/gp/help/G1781)
  * [How to appeal an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/G202041210)
  * [How to prevent an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/GCRVNRBZBVGBK543)

#### Issue return shipping labels

Once you have approved return from a customer, Amazon will send them a return
label with an address, as defined by you in the Manage return addresses tab
within [Return settings](/gp/returns/settings/).

**Note:** You are required to either designate a local return address for each
country that you are selling (for example, if you have listings in both United
States and Mexico, you will be required to have a return address in both
countries), or you must pay the return shipping costs to have the item
returned.

For additional information on Prepaid returns, go to [Prepaid returns for
seller-fulfilled orders](/help/hub/reference/202072200).

You may also consider offering [returnless
refunds](/help/hub/reference/G202174940), where you issue a refund but allows
the customer to keep the item.

## Additional policies

You must provide a return address within the United States or pay for return
shipping to an international address, either by providing a pre-paid return
label or by refunding the international return shipping costs.

**Note:** Effective May 25, 2021, if you are fulfilling customer orders in the
US from outside the US, you must provide Amazon with a valid US return address
(for items under $25). Amazon will use this address to generate prepaid return
labels for customers on eligible return requests. If a US return address is
not provided, Amazon will issue the customer a refund for eligible returns
without requiring the item to be returned (Returnless Refund). Our
International Returns Provider on the [Solution Provider
Network](https://services.amazon.com/solution-providers/#/search/US/returns)
may be able to help if you do not have a local return address. This policy
overrides any policies for customized products.

For additional information on international returns, go to [Important
information for international sellers](/gp/help/G200404870).

If the buyer disputes the delivery or condition of the item received, or
receives the wrong product, they will be asked to contact you to resolve the
issue. If the issue is not resolved with you directly, the buyer will have the
option to file an [Amazon A-to-z Guarantee](/gp/help/1781) claim.

  * [Amazon’s extended holiday returns policy](/gp/help/G201725760) requires that orders shipped during designated dates be returnable through January 31 of the following year. This policy applies to items either shipped by you or by Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA).
  * All Handmade items shipped via FBA or Seller Fulfilled Prime are currently eligible for free returns. Prime return policies override Handmade return policies, whether the item is customizable or not.

## Issue a refund

A refund should be processed after you receive a return from a buyer or you
decide to refund a purchase. You are not required to issue a refund until the
item is returned to you for inspection.

You are required to **issue refunds on returned items within two business
days** of receiving a return, or otherwise Amazon may refund the customer on
your behalf and charge the amount to your seller account.

**Note:** The return window is 30 days after receipt of shipment; however,
delivery of the returned items might take longer.

You can issue full or partial refunds via the [Manage
Orders](/orders-v3/ref=xx_myo_dnav_xx) tool. For more information, go to
[Refund options](/gp/help/G201725630).

#### Additional policies

  * For additional information on international returns, go to [Important information for international sellers](/help/hub/reference/G200404870).
  * Amazon’s extended holiday returns policy requires that orders shipped during designated dates be returnable through January 31 of the following year. This policy applies to items either shipped by you or by Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA).
  * All Handmade items shipped via FBA or seller-fulfilled Prime are currently eligible for free returns. Prime return policies override Handmade return policies, whether the item is customizable or not.

## Tips for reducing returns

  * Ensure you are accurately describing your items. Accurate product detail pages help your customers make informed buying decisions. 
  * **Ensure you use adequate packaging**. When preparing items for shipment, make sure they are properly protected. We recommend a three-foot drop test where you will drop your packaged item on its bottom, top, longest side, and corners. 
  * **Use the Buy Shipping service for prepaid return labels.** This ensures that items can be returned without delay and because you are using trusted delivery agents, you are protected against A-to-z Guarantee claims if claims are related to delivery issues and you shipped it out in time.

##  Restocking fees

If a customer returns a product, you have the right to charge a restocking fee
based on the reason for return, which is a percentage of the item’s price
according to the [Guidelines for charging restocking
fees](/gp/help/201725780).

## Cancellations

You can decide the terms under which customers can return products or cancel
items that are customized or made-to-order.

For the first 30-minutes after an order has been placed, customers can cancel
their own order using the **Cancel items** button. After 30-minutes, the
customer is unable to cancel the order directly and must submit a cancellation
request directly to the seller for review.

If a buyer asks you to cancel an order and you have not yet shipped and
confirmed the shipment, you can cancel it in [Manage
Orders](/orders-v3/ref=xx_myo_dnav_xx) or use an [Order Cancellation
feed](/order-reports-and-feeds/feeds/cancelOrder).

**Note:** Buyer-initiated order cancellations will not affect your
cancellation rate.

If you have already confirmed an order as shipped, you can authorize the
return request in [Manage Returns](/gp/returns/list/ref=xx_myr_dnav_xx).

Go to [Order cancellations](/gp/help/G201722390) for additional details on how
cancellations can impact your account health.

