---
title: Refund at First Scan for seller-fulfilled returns
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYLYQWNG8LZ9JNJP
section: General Documentation
---

Amazon issues a Refund at First Scan for items returned through Amazon’s
[Prepaid Returns Label ](/gp/help/202072200)program. With Refund at First
Scan, a buyer receives a refund when the returned item is dropped off at a
designated carrier location using a prepaid return label that was issued by
us. Returns that are self-ship or use a label paid for by the seller are not
eligible for a refund at first scan.

## Frequently asked questions

#### What actions do I need to take to offer my customers a Refund at First
Scan?

There is no action required from you to offer your customers Refund at First
Scan. Return requests automatically authorized through Amazon’s prepaid return
label program are automatically eligible for Refund at First Scan.

#### Can I opt out of Refund at First Scan?

Refund at First Scan is mandatory for Fulfillment by Amazon and merchant-
fulfilled sellers as part of our efforts to offer a consistent and seamless
customer returns experience.

#### How will I know if my customer is issued a Refund at First Scan?

You will be notified of all refunds processed via Refund at First Scan through
refund notification emails from Amazon.

For returns where Amazon issued an refund on your behalf, you can view the
details in Seller Central as follows:

  * Click **View more details** to view ‘Prior refund: Applied’ and ‘Resolution: Refund at First Scan’ badges against the return request.
  * Click **Issue refund** to view the amount of the prior refund applied against each line item (item cost, outbound shipping, and return shipping fee). 

#### How is the refund amount calculated?

Our Amazon return and refund policies will apply while calculating the refund
amount for Refund at First Scan-eligible orders. For seller-faulted defective
or damaged return reasons, customers are issued a full refund.

#### What if I have already issued a partial refund to the buyer?

For returns that contain a partial refund, a refund at first scan will not be
issued.

#### Who bears the return shipping cost in case of Refund at First Scan-
eligible orders?

Return shipping costs are determined by Amazon return and refund policies.
Under this policy, the return shipping fee (equivalent to the prepaid label
cost) is not deducted from the refund issued for items eligible for free and
non-Prime order returns when buyers select "seller fault" as the reason for
return. For all other return reasons, the cost of return shipping fee is borne
by the buyer.

For all return requests where a Refund at First Scan is issued and the buyer
had paid outbound shipping costs, the outbound shipping amount is refunded to
the customer, irrespective of fault.

#### What happens if the returned item is lost or I receive a materially
different item after the customer is issued a refund?

If you receive a damaged or materially different return due to customer fault,
you can file a [SAFE-T claim](/gp/help/G202175000) on Seller Central within 60
days of a refund charge to your account. Use the Seller Central refund
workflow to provide grading details of the item you received and attach
relevant pictures showing the damage to the item while submitting your claim.

For items lost or damaged in transit, the seller is responsible for filing a
claim directly with the carrier to receive a reimbursement.

