---
title: Reimbursement for seller-fulfilled network prepaid returns
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202175000
section: General Documentation
---

The Seller Assurance for E-Commerce Transactions (SAFE-T) program allows
sellers in the seller-fulfilled network to request compensation from Amazon
after a refund is deducted from the seller account and issued to the buyer for
a buyer return. At Amazon's sole discretion, you may be issued reimbursement
where Amazon determines that you were not at fault for a buyer’s return  
  
## 1\. SAFE-T Coverage and Eligibility

When Amazon issues a refund to a buyer and you believe it was not your fault,
you may file a claim for reimbursement via SAFE-T. In addition, if you offered
the buyer a free replacement for a return and you believe the return was not
your fault, you may file a SAFE-T claim.

Below is a list of cases where you will be eligible for a reimbursement. These
situations do not guarantee a reimbursement, and Amazon maintains sole
discretion to determine what reimbursement amount, is issued.

You may be eligible for a reimbursement in the following cases:

  * The buyer said they never received the item, but you have the proof of delivery. In this case, you may be eligible for reimbursement if:
    * You bought a "Claims Protected" shipping label through the Amazon Buy Shipping service, and the tracking confirms that the order was shipped on time and met the Maximum Estimated Delivery Date, or
    * You provided a signature confirmation of delivery to the buyer’s address, and the tracking confirms that the order was shipped on time and met the Maximum Estimated Delivery Date.
  * The buyer returned an item in a damaged or unsellable condition, and Amazon determines you were not at fault. 

**Note:** As per [Amazon’s returns policy](/gp/help/G201725780), if the
product is damaged by the buyer, you will be reimbursed up to 50% of the order
sales price of the product.

  * The buyer returned an item that was materially different from the item you shipped to the buyer, and Amazon determines you were not at fault.

**Note:** As per [Amazon’s returns policy](/gp/help/G201725780), if the
product returned by the buyer is a materially different item, you will be
reimbursed up to 50% of the order sales price of the product.

  * The buyer did not return the product, even though the buyer has received a refund. Whether or not an item has been returned is determined by either of the following:
    * a lack of a "Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA)" for the particular return item, or
    * a lack of a carrier’s "first scan".

**Note:** Items that are Hazmat or Non-Returnable, as determined by Amazon,
would not be returned by the buyer, and thus no reimbursement will be
provided.

  * Buyer returned item after the return window: You are eligible for reimbursement if Amazon initiated a return on behalf of a buyer for an item that is outside of the return window. 

**Note:** Amazon calculates the return window for seller-fulfilled orders
based on Maximum Estimated Delivery Date and three days of additional time for
completing drop-off or pick-up of the item.

  * Amazon provided the buyer a refund of item price and return shipping cost through the Automatic Refund Enforcement mechanism, and the return reason is considered the buyer’s fault as described at [Return Reason codes for prepaid returns](/gp/help/202080050). You may be eligible for the return shipping cost reimbursement.

**Note:** For Seller Fulfilled Prime (SFP) items under 50 lb, you are
responsible for paying return shipping cost regardless of the return reason.
For Prime items with 50 lb or higher, you may be eligible for reimbursement of
return shipping cost if the buyer selected a return reason that Amazon deems
"buyer fault".

  * You may be eligible for reimbursement for a free replacement if the buyer requested a free replacement via the Online Return Center, you shipped the replacement, and the buyer sent back an incorrect item or an item in an unsellable condition.

**Note:** You must submit the reimbursement claim for the "Replacement Order
ID" in such cases.

  * The buyer requested a free replacement via the Online Return Center, you shipped the replacement, and Amazon also issued a refund to the buyer.

## 2\. SAFE-T claim guidelines

You must follow all the below guidelines for your request for reimbursement to
be considered.

  * Claims must be submitted in Seller Central within 60 calendar days of a refund being charged to your account or receipt of the returned item in the case of a free replacement.
  * Only refunds issued by Amazon to buyers on your behalf are eligible for reimbursements. You are not eligible for reimbursement if the refund was issued by you. 

**Note:** To check if an Amazon-issued refund was applied on your seller-
fulfilled order that was returned with a Prepaid Return Label, go to
**Orders** tab and select **Manage returns** , search for the return, and then
click **View more details**. You can file only one claim per Order ID.

  * You must reply to information requests from Amazon investigators. Failure to provide sufficient information within seven days will result in denial of your claim.
  * As per [Partial Refund policy](/gp/help/G201725780), if the product is damaged by the buyer, the reimbursement will be up to 50% of the item sales price for the order, depending on the extent of damage as assessed by Amazon. 

## 3\. Orders ineligible for SAFE-T claims

Non-exhaustive list of orders that are ineligible for SAFE-T reimbursement are
listed below:

  * An order is not eligible for SAFE-T reimbursement on the basis of late delivery if you bought a "Late Delivery Risk" shipping label through Amazon Buy Shipping for the particular order.
  * An order is not eligible for SAFE-T reimbursement on the basis of late delivery if you bought a "Claims Protected" shipping label through Amazon Buy Shipping for the particular order but did not meet the order’s ship by date.
  * An order is not eligible for reimbursement for return shipping cost if the offer is indicated as "Free Returns" on the detail page. 
  * Orders that are damaged or lost in return transit are not eligible for reimbursement from SAFE-T including the Amazon fees or send shipping label costs. Contractually, you are the shipper of record and may file a claim with the [carrier](/gp/help/G200204080) to recover any loss.

**Note:** If the order was delivered by Amazon Shipping, you may raise a claim
directly with Amazon Shipping [here](https://ship.amazon.com/).

  * If you refuse a return shipment for any reason, no reimbursement is available for the refund of the return item or the return shipping cost.
  * Shipping adjustment charges are not eligible for SAFE-T claims (for example, where a buyer sends back the return in a different or bigger box).
  * If you have selected "Returnless Refunds" through your return settings and an automated returnless refund was provided to a buyer, no reimbursement is available.
  * In case of free replacements, you are not eligible for a SAFE-T claim while the original item is in transit to your return address. If the buyer fails to return the original item within 30 days of the replacement order being shipped, you may be eligible for reimbursement. 
  * Orders with an A-to-z Guarantee claim are not eligible for SAFE-T claims (you have the ability to [Appeal an A-to-z Guarantee claim](/gp/help/G202041210)).
  * Chargeback claims are not covered by this policy. For more information, go to [chargeback](/gp/help/G48781).
  * FBA orders are not covered by this policy. See [FBA buyer returns policy](/gp/help/G200379860) for FBA reimbursement policy.
  * Applicable fees will be deducted from reimbursements.

## 4\. SAFE-T reimbursement claims filing steps

**Note:** If Amazon has refunded the buyer and the order has a valid return
merchandise authorization (RMA), wait for at least 15 days or until you
receive the item, before filing a claim. You can verify whether an order has a
valid RMA in the Manage Returns section of Seller Central.

**Note:** The claim will not be processed if you are not a registered account
user. If you are not a registered account user, contact the account
administrator and request that your email address is added to the "Registered
Users" list.

Follow the below steps to file a reimbursement request:  

  1. From the **Orders** tab in Seller Central, go to **Manage SAFE-T Claims**.
  2. Click **File a new SAFE-T Claim** , in the top right-hand corner of the page.
  3. Enter the Order ID for the return and then click **Check Eligibility**.
  4. If your order is eligible, proceed to the next step. If not, there is no option to request reimbursement claim.
  5. Select the reason that best describes your case for your reimbursement claim.
  6. In your claim, provide detail as to why you believe Amazon should compensate you. For example, you have been overcharged for the return label or the product was returned in an unacceptable condition.
  7. Attach all necessary support documentation (for example, images of damaged item, shipping label, image of the Return Mailing Label, tracking ID, delivery proof or any additional information you see necessary to review your claim), if applicable, and then click **Submit Safe-T Claim**.

**Note:** All images must be submitted in jpg, jpeg, png, jpeg, or bmp format.
Maximum file size of an image is 10 MB. You will receive an email confirming
the receipt of your claim. Any future correspondence on your claim should be
done on the [Manage SAFE-T Claims
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx).

  8. By filing a claim, you confirm that all information you submit is true. Any misrepresentation may lead to revocation of your selling privileges, charge back of prior compensation that had been provided to you, or any other action deemed appropriate by Amazon.

**Note:** Communications related to SAFE-T claims can be viewed in the
Communication Center in [Manage SAFE-T
claims](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx)
page. Each claim on this page will have an option to view the message in order
to check correspondence on that claim. Any attachments can also be uploaded
from the same tab.

**Note:** You can view updates on your claim in the [Manage SAFE-T
claims](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx)
page, which will highlight the claims that need your response. You can click
the "View message" that will open the SAFE-T Communication Center where you
can read and respond to the message.

**Note:** It might take up to 24 hours for the claim status to be updated in
the Manage SAFE-T Claims page, after you reply.

**Note:** During the investigation process, Amazon investigators might require
you to provide additional information. In such a case, you will receive a
notification from SAFE-T team and need to reply within seven days on the same
page in the [Manage SAFE-T claims](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-
claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx).

## 5\. Track SAFE-T claim status

To track the status of your reimbursement claims, go to **Orders** and select
**Manage SAFE-T Claims**.

  * The navigation menu on "Manage SAFE-T Claims" has different tabs depending upon the claim status (for example, "Awaiting seller Response", "Resolved", and "Under Investigation"). You can click the respective tabs, and the claims with status change or requiring response will be highlighted. You will also get an email notification whenever the status of any claim changes. However, it will be a no-reply email and will contain a link to direct you to the respective claims on the SAFE-T Communication Center on Seller Central.
  * You can search for claims in the specific time period by selecting the box next to **Claim Date** at the top left to select the date range.
  * You can also search for a specific order ID, ASIN, RMA or SAFE-T ID using the search box on the top right.
  * For every claim, you can find the information on product name, quantity, claim amount, SAFE-T claim ID, reason, description, attachments that you provided, order date, claim date, claim status, reimbursement amount, and return request date.

## 6\. Appeal SAFE-T claim decision

  * If you do not agree with SAFE-T’s decision, and you have additional information and evidence to support your claim, you can appeal within seven days of claim decision via the [Manage SAFE-T claims page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx) using the "reply" option, available for resolved claims. You can appeal a SAFE-T claim only once, so study the denial reason carefully and provide additional information that will support your appeal.
  * The "Manage SAFE-T Claims" page will indicate "Reply by <Date> <Time>" for each claim. For resolved claims, the timeline to respond will be indicated as "Appeal by <Date> <Time>" for each claim.

**Note:** Do not reopen the same claim multiple times without any additional
information, or you may be flagged for abuse of the SAFE-T process and action
may be taken against your account. For more information, refer to the "SAFE-T
claims effect on my Amazon performance metrics" section of this help page.

**Note:** Do not discuss SAFE-T decisions with Selling Partner Support, as
they are unable to influence the decision on a SAFE-T claim. Instead, directly
connect with the SAFE-T team via [Manage SAFE-T Claims
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/safet-claims/ref=xx_safet_dnav_xx).

## 7\. SAFE-T claims effect on my Amazon performance metrics

Filing SAFE-T claims does not impact your performance metrics, but any attempt
to abuse the SAFE-T process or seller reimbursement policy can lead to action
on your account.

