---
title: Remote Fulfillment with FBA
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G5P3CDUHZWSZLXLB
section: General Documentation
---

[Remote Fulfillment with FBA](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/rafn/inventory)
lets sellers in the US sell to customers in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil without
having to send inventory to those countries. Eligible sellers will have their
eligible products automatically enrolled in the program and will have offers
on Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br. Amazon will use your inventory
in US fulfillment centers to fulfill orders across the border directly to
customers through Amazon.com services LLC. You may opt out at any time through
[our enrollment
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/rafn/inventory/enrollment): unselect a
store and click “Update”.  
  
The program offers Prime customers free shipping in Mexico, Canada, and
Brazil. Customers pay applicable import duties and taxes on the items they
order and take ownership after the shipping company picks up the items from
the US fulfillment center. Returns go directly back to the US and are subject
to the [FBA customer returns
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G200379860).

Orders will appear in your Canada, Mexico, or Brazil seller account, based on
where the customer bought your product.

## **Program fees**

For details about program fees and surcharges, go to [Remote Fulfillment with
FBA
fees](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/GZPT8XN3YNMRXFEZ).
Program fulfillment fees and surcharges apply only to sales of products on
Amazon.ca, Amazon.com.mx, and Amazon.com.br and are different from your US FBA
fulfillment fees. Standard US FBA fulfillment fees will apply for sales on
Amazon.com. The referral fee will be based on the store where the customer
buys the item.

**Note:  **Customers, not sellers, pay import duties and taxes on items bought
through Remote Fulfillment.

## **Product eligibility**

Not all items are eligible to sell through Remote Fulfillment with FBA to
Canada, Mexico, or Brazil. To be eligible, a product must meet the following
conditions:

  * Enabled for FBA in the US and have valid offers in Canada, Mexico, or Brazil 
  * Meet all trade compliance and destination-country regulations 

The following product types are not eligible:

  * [Restricted products](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G200164330) 
  * [Prohibited products](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G201730840) 
  * [Dangerous goods](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GZLZBQ7W6QZRKWWK) 

We continually monitor factors that can affect ASIN eligibility so that
products are safe for customers to import. When an ASIN becomes ineligible,
it’s most likely because of a change in trade compliance regulations or other
eligibility factors. Amazon may, at its discretion, determine whether a
product is eligible for Remote Fulfillment with FBA.

Sometimes, an ASIN is eligible for Cross-Border Fulfillment under a different
fulfillment method, such as local FBA fulfillment or seller-fulfilled, but is
not eligible for Remote Fulfillment with FBA. This situation could occur due
to additional documentation requirements for customs or specific shipping or
packing requirements.

## **Seller eligibility**

To be eligible for Remote fulfillment, you must be a Professional seller
registered for FBA in the US and the destination stores where you’re enrolled
to sell in. You must also have a [North America Unified
Account](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G201617630) with
[FBA Export](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G200149570)
enabled. Once you enroll, your account will be automatically connected to the
[Build International Listings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/global-
selling/listings/connect?ref_=xx_BIL_snav_agsLand&) tool. This tool duplicates
your US FBA listings in one or more of your enrolled stores, and quickly makes
your eligible ASINs available for sale. See _Automatic listing creation_ below
for more details.

You can also manually enroll or unenroll from Remote fulfillment in one or
more of the stores that you’re eligible for at any time. Amazon may, at its
discretion, determine whether your account is eligible for Remote Fulfillment
with FBA.

## **Creating offers and managing the inventory**

With Remote Fulfillment, you can sell your products in Canada, Mexico, and
Brazil, or use the ASIN Status report to select just one store.

## **Automatic listing creation**

Remote Fulfillment will connect your account to the [Build International
Listings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/global-
selling/listings/connect?ref_=xx_BIL_snav_agsLand) tool. It enables
**automatic listing creation** and automatically makes your US FBA offers
available in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. It saves you the work of manually
creating offers and evaluating pricing before your items can be available for
sale. Automatic listing creation also adjusts for differences in fulfillment
fees, referral fees, surcharges, exchange rates, and costs that you may incur
when converting proceeds back to US dollars (if you use the Amazon Currency
Converter for sellers). You’ll also be able to modify the pricing rules to
adjust your prices further up or down. To learn more, go to the [Build
International Listings](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/global-
selling/listings/connect?ref_=xx_BIL_snav_agsLand) tool.

For information on how pricing works for Remote Fulfillment with FBA when you
ship inventory to Canada, Mexico, or Brazil, go to [Build International
Listings price
rules](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G202121610).

**Note:  **If you make a manual price adjustment to your remote fulfillment
offer in your destination store, the automatic pricing rule will be
disconnected. Reestablish the connection through the Build International
Listings tool. The automatic pricing rule is a tool that provides Amazon
sellers with a one-click pricing solution that can automatically adjust offer
prices across marketplaces.

You can disconnect from the Build International Listings tool at any time
after you’re enrolled in Remote Fulfillment with FBA. However, you’ll have to
create and manage your listings manually after you disconnect from Build
International Listings. For details about excluding offers from automatic
listing creation, visit [Exclude offers or products from a target
marketplace](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/202121630).
To disconnect _all  _offers from automatic listing creation at a target
marketplace visit the [Remote Fulfillment with FBA enrollment
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/rafn/inventory/enrollment) and re-
enroll with the “Automatic Listing” box unchecked. For details about manual
listing creation and management visit the [Create listings
page](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GZ4ZQ4HZQM2R4B2X).
Note: manual listing creation overrides automatic listing creation.

## **L****ocal and remote fulfillment offers  **

If you already have inventory located in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil, the ASIN
won’t be eligible for Remote fulfillment until you have sold through that
local inventory. If you use the Build International Listings tool, your price
will be automatically updated based on the logic described previously. If you
opt not to use this tool, your offers will begin to sell through Remote
Fulfillment at their existing price at the time you enroll in the program.

You can’t fulfill ASINs both locally and through Remote Fulfillment at the
same time. If you’re enrolled in Remote Fulfillment and decide you want to
sell an ASIN locally instead, remove the ASIN from the program using the ASIN
Status report. You can use the report to add those offers back to the program
after your local inventory has sold out.

Starting October 20, 2023, offers will switch automatically from local offers
to Remote Fulfillment offers when you run out of inventory in the local FBA
inventory. You won’t have to enroll the offers back into the program manually.

**Important:  **Use a [Global
SKU](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G201394090) to manage
inventory across the US, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, or any combination of these
countries.

If you have offers in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil that don’t match the US SKU,
you’ll have two offers in the store, potentially at different prices. The ASIN
status report will provide information on offers ineligible for Remote
fulfillment because of this discrepancy. To avoid conflicting offers when
adding ASINs to Remote fulfillment, remove the store-specific SKU.

## **Stranded inventory**

After enrollment, Amazon adjusts the stranded inventory setting **Automatic
change to FBA** to one day for the stranded reason **Merchant fulfilled**. For
example, if you change an FBA offer to seller-fulfilled, which results in
stranded inventory, the offer will change back to FBA within 24 hours. You can
change this setting by clicking **Edit automatic-action settings** on the [Fix
stranded
inventory](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/inventoryplanning/stranded-
inventory) page.

For listings that you don’t want automatically relisted or changed to FBA,
select **Opt out of auto action** from the drop-down menu beside each listing.
To learn more, go to [Resolve stranded inventory
issues](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/GEYJTVJPWRYUTADQ).

## **Customer returns**

**Note:  **The FBA return processing fees on the [US FBA
policy](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201030350?mons_sel_mkid=amzn1.mp.o.ATVPDKIKX0DER&mons_sel_mcid=amzn1.merchant.o.A3UQHXGHEU520E&mons_sel_persist=true)
don’t apply to Remote Fulfillment. Remote Fulfillment with FBA doesn’t charge
FBA return fees in any category.

For more information, go to [Returns processing
fee](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/gp/help/external/G64LS955WNFT6EDP).

For frequently asked questions, go to [Remote Fulfillment with
FBA](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/external/G5P3CDUHZWSZLXLB).

  

