---
title: Remove inventory from a fulfillment center
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G201436560
section: General Documentation
---

To remove inventory from a fulfillment center do one of the following:

  * Create a removal order from either the **Manage Inventory** page, **Remove Unfulfillable Inventory** page, **Fix stranded inventory** page, or the **Recommended Removal** report. See the **Create a removal order** section below. 
  * Set up automatic removals. For more information, go to [Remove inventory automatically](/gp/help/200678710). 
  * Remove inventory in bulk by uploading an inventory file. Go to [Remove inventory in bulk](/gp/help/200721270).

Which method you use depends on the type and condition of the inventory you
want to remove. They are not mutually exclusive. You can have your inventory
returned to your possession or a designated recipient, such as the
manufacturer, a third party storage provider or a re-shipper. Or, if you don't
want to have the inventory returned to you, you can request that we recycle it
or dispose of it at the fulfillment center.

Don't use removal orders to send inventory to customers or as gifts or
promotional items. For more information, go to [Remove inventory
(overview)](/gp/help/200280650).

**Note:** Amazon notifies you of required removals when the inventory is no
longer sellable. However, we also make recommendations to remove inventory
that would be subject to upcoming long-term storage fees.

##  Create a removal order

**Note:** Amazon cannot ship removal orders to US territories, PO, APO, FPO,
or DPO boxes, or other fulfillment centers. To ship to an address outside of
the United States, see [International return
providers](/tsba/searchpage/International%20Returns?sellIn=US&ref_=xx_spn_servs_irlst).

  1. Do any one of the following: 
     * On the [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory) page, select the items you that want to remove, and then select **Create removal order** from the **Action on selected** drop-down list.
     * On the [Recommended Removal](/reportcentral/RECOMMENDED_REMOVAL/0) report, click **Begin removal process**. The **Recommended Removal** report includes only inventory that would be subject to upcoming long-term storage fees. If **Begin removal process** does not appear, you do not have any inventory that we recommend you remove.

**Tip:** If the recommended removal list is more than one page, create a
separate removal order for each page.

     * On the [Remove Unfulfillable Inventory](/inventory?viewId=UNFULFILLABLE) page, select the items you want to remove, and then select **Create removal order** from the **Action on selected** drop-down list. 
     * On the [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory) page, select the items you want to remove, and then select **Create removal order** from the **Action on selected** drop-down list. The **Fix stranded inventory** page includes all inventory in the fulfillment center that does not have a listing offer.

  2. On the [Create removal order](/gp/basic-fulfillment/v2/start-removal.html) page, under **Method of removal** , do one of the following:On the **Provide details** page, under **Method of removal** , select **Ship-to address** to have your inventory returned.   

     * Select **Return-to address** to have your inventory returned to your designated recipient, for example, your own fulfillment center, the manufacturer, or a recycling center. Enter the address where you want the inventory shipped.
     * Select **Donate/Recycle** to have your inventory to be donated or recycled at the fulfillment center.
     * Select **Liquidations** to liquidate and recover value from your inventory. For more information, go to [FBA Liquidations](/gp/help/GYVCG5Q3BEJ6MLMF).

  3. For **Set removal order ID** , do any one of the following: 
     * Enter a custom order ID.
     * Leave the field blank and an order ID will be generated automatically. 

**Tip:** Save your removal order ID for tracking purposes.

  4. Under **Product details** , you will see the details of the selected items. To add inventory to the list, enter a title, SKU, ASIN, or FNSKU in the **Search and add items** text box at the bottom of the page and click **Search**. Select the products you want to remove, and click **Add to list**.   

  5. Under **Fulfillable quantity for removal** , enter the number of fulfillable units to remove. This quantity cannot be greater than the total quantity available for removal.   

  6. Under **Unfulfillable quantity for removal** , enter the number of unfulfillable units to remove. This quantity cannot be greater than the total quantity available for removal.   

  7. Under **Fulfillable quantity** and **Unfulfillable quantity** , review the total number of SKUs, fulfillable inventory and unfulfillable inventory.   

**Note:** Under **Total inventory not available for removal** , click
**Legend** to see the reason codes and a brief description of why inventory is
not available for removal.

  8. Check the product details to ensure the items listed are the ones you want removed. To change the items to be removed, use the **Search and add items** to add items or click "X" to delete items.   

  9. Click **Review**.

  10. Review the order ID, method of removal, ship-to address, and the details of the selected items for removal.

  11. Click **Confirm** to complete the removal order. A pop-up message that reads, “Removal order has been placed” indicates your removal order submission has been successful. If you decide not to complete the removal order, click **Cancel order**. 

**Note:** It can take 90 days or more for a removal order to process and the
shipment to leave the fulfillment center. Once the carrier has picked up your
removed inventory, they’ll contact your designated recipient to arrange
delivery. If they can’t arrange delivery, Amazon will contact you to help
resolve the issue.

We will return all of the units in your removal order that are physically
available for removal at the time you submit the order. Units that are bound
to another transaction, for example, reserved for an existing customer order,
can’t be removed.

**Note:** Once a removal order is successfully created, we do not charge
storage fees on the units during the processing period until its completion.

##  Cancel a removal order

After you have submitted your removal order, you have only a short time during
which you can cancel the order. You can cancel the order if it’s in
**Planning** status. Removal orders usually are in Planning status for only a
few hours.

If the status is **Processing** , you will not be able to cancel the order.
During peak periods such as Prime Day, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and the
holidays, removal orders can stay in Processing status for several weeks.

To cancel a removal order:

  1. On [Manage Orders](/gp/orders-v2), from the **Search** drop-down list, select **Order ID** , and then type your removal order ID and click **Search**. 

  2. Under **Status** , confirm that the status is **Planning**. 

  3. Under **Action** , click **Cancel this order**.

**Important:** Clicking on cancel option doesn't guarantee the cancellation of
the order. Your removal order may have moved to **Processing/Pending** status
before the cancellation request was received. Check back later to confirm that
the order was canceled.

Sellers are not able to cancel a removal order for a required removal. For
more information, go to [Required removals](/gp/help/202000820).

**Note:** Canceled units are not removed from your inventory, so no units
would be added back and the units would start incurring storage fees.

## Ensure successful delivery

**Important:** By submitting a removal order, you agree to receive each and
every unit in that order, all at once, upon delivery to your designated ship-
to address. If your designated recipient doesn’t receive the units all at
once, we may instruct the carrier to dispose of them. If that occurs, you
would pay for the disposal costs and would not be entitled to a reimbursement
from Amazon.

If your removed inventory will be shipped to a third party, make sure that
they recognize your business name, know to expect your shipment, and are ready
to receive all pallets or boxes at one time.

Make sure that the phone number you provide in the removal order is accurate.
Our carriers will call that number to schedule a delivery time.

If your designated recipient is the manufacturer, Amazon will not reimburse
you for any items that the manufacturer does not buy back.

## Damaged or incorrect items

When your removed units arrive, accept delivery and document any damage. We
will reimburse you for damaged units in accordance with the [FBA lost and
damaged inventory reimbursement policy](/gp/help/G200213130). Refused units
are subject to the receiving agreement described in the previous section.

To claim a reimbursement for a unit, you must provide evidence of the damage
to that unit. “Example” images—that is, images of other units—are not
acceptable, nor are wide-angle group images.

Likewise, if your shipment contains items that do not belong to you, accept
delivery and document the items you received before contacting us.

Providing full, clear pictures of damaged or incorrect items will help our
investigation team resolve the issue more quickly.

