---
title: Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD): Tracking details
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFJSVA7G3WJGVQW3
section: General Documentation
---

  * Step 1 - [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/GZLL7RYU2FJRN9BU)
  * Step 2 - [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GQ6ZR5KNWKRBPT4M)
  * Step 3 - [Print box labels](/gp/help/G48W2EW89MB5SP6H)
  * Step 4 - [Confirm carrier](/gp/help/GQ2DLFVQEYL74ZKW) (for Amazon partnered carrier and Seller Managed Carrier only)
  * Step 5 - [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/G6SSGPBBXX7N8YBB) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * **Step 6 - Tracking details (for all parcel deliveries, Small parcel deliveries and for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)**

The Tracking details is currently only applicable for all Small parcel
deliveries (SPD) and only for Amazon Partnered Carrier in case of less than
truckload or full truckload (LTL) shipments. For LTL Partnered carrier
shipments, weâ€™ll generate the carrier tracking ID information for you, which
you can review in the following step:  

  1. You can view shipment details, such as shipment ID, Amazon Reference ID and carrier details.
  2. On the day of shipment pick up, you can download Bill of Lading (BOL) from here. It will be available for pickup before 8:00 a.m. PST.
  3. You will also receive the mail.

For Small parcel delivery (SPD) shipments created with Amazon partnered
carrier UPS, we will generate the tracking ID for each box and will be shown
in tracking details step and also on Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD)
Shipment summary page. It will show the following information for each box:

  * AWD box label 
  * Tracking ID
  * Status
  * Weight (lb)
  * Dimensions (in)

For Small parcel delivery shipments created with non-partnered carrier,
sellers will be prompted to provide tracking ID against each box in Tracking
details step and also on AWD Shipment summary page. AWD will show the current
status for each of the tracking ID submitted. Sellers can also update the
tracking ID in bulk by choosing the bulk upload option.

## Amazon Warehousing and Distribution FAQ

## I'm using my own carrier, but I wasn't prompted to enter the tracking ID as
I would for shipments to FBA. Will my shipment be rejected?

AWD currently doesn't support tracking for less than truckload or full
truckload shipments in which you use your own carrier. Therefore, we don't ask
you to provide these details. If your shipment is prepared based on the
program guidelines and has a valid appointment, there shouldn't be any issues
with the receipt of your shipment. For small parcel deliveries using your own
carrier, you will be prompted to enter tracking id in Tracking details step
and in AWD Shipment summary page.

## How can I view tracking history of my shipments?

  

  1. Go to [Amazon Warehousing and Distribution AWD](/asdn/about#manage-service) and click **Track shipments**.
  2. On the **Shipping Queue** page, select the **Amazon distribution center shipments**.
  3. For the **Shipment ID** whose tracking history you want to view, click **Track shipment**.
  4. In the **Shipment Summary** page, select **Shipment events** to view the history.

## Where can I find all the details needed to schedule a delivery appointment?

Your carrier will need a complete list of Amazon reference IDs, shipment IDs,
and progressive tracking numbers included on or with the bill of lading to
book a delivery appointment. You can view the Amazon reference and shipment
IDs in step 3 of Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution, **Print box
labels**. You can get the progressive tracking numbers from your carrier.

## Are the AWD shipment ID and the Amazon reference ID the same?

These IDs are not the same. When you create a shipment to AWD distribution
center, you'll receive one shipment ID that begins with "STAR" and one Amazon
reference ID. You can view this information in step 3 of Send to Amazon
Warehousing and Distribution, **Print box labels**.

