---
title: Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD): Confirm shipping
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GQ6ZR5KNWKRBPT4M
section: General Documentation
---

  * Step 1 - [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/GZLL7RYU2FJRN9BU)
  * **Step 2 - Confirm shipping**
  * Step 3 - [Print box labels](/gp/help/G48W2EW89MB5SP6H)
  * Step 4 - [Confirm carrier](/gp/help/GQ2DLFVQEYL74ZKW) (for Amazon partnered carrier and Seller Managed Carrier only)
  * Step 5 - [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/G6SSGPBBXX7N8YBB) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Step 6 - [Tracking details](/gp/help/GFJSVA7G3WJGVQW3) (for all parcel deliveries, Small parcel deliveries and for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)

Once you have provided box content information for each SKU that you want to
ship, you can proceed to Step 2 of the Send to Amazon Warehousing and
Distribution workflow, **Confirm shipping**. In Step 2, you can view your
shipping destination details and choose a shipping method to send your
products to the AWD distribution center.

**Important:** AWD is now accepting Small parcel delivery (SPD), except in
East coast. Small parcel delivery will soon be made available in East coast as
well, however, currently AWD does not allow sellers to send Small parcel
delivery in East coast region. For domestic Small parcel delivery shipments,
you can also use Amazon Partnered Carrier. You can also send Small parcel
delivery shipments to AWD via your own carrier for both domestic and
international shipments. For more information on Small parcel delivery
shipments, go to [Small parcel delivery to Amazon](/gp/help/G200280260) and
[Amazon Partnered Carrier](/gp/help/G201119120).

## Shipping method for shipments outside US

You can choose to ship with Amazon Global Logistics if you are shipping via
China or with Amazon Global Selling SEND if you are shipping via China, India,
Vietnam, or you can select your own carrier.

**Important:** Amazon will not be responsible for lost shipment, delayed
processing, or shipment rejections in case combine FBA and AWD shipments in
the same truckload or you send Small parcel delivery shipments in east coast
region.

**Option 1: Amazon Global Logistics**

To ship with [Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/202187670), follow these
steps:

  1. Ensure that the checkbox next to **Amazon Global Logistics** is selected.

  2. Under **Shipping mode and details** , select the shipping mode and enter or select the required information.

  3. Click **Update shipping cost**. The transportation cost that appears is based on the amount of inventory that you’re sending. 

  4. Under **Shipping parties and product description** , enter any incomplete information. 

  5. Review the shipping terms and conditions by clicking the highlighted link.

  6. Click **Continue** to accept the terms and conditions.

  7. Click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** to proceed to the shipment confirmation page.

  8. Click **Confirm shipment** and proceed to Step 3: Print box labels.

**Note:** Amazon Global Logistics does not deliver shipments to South Central
(Texas).

To view the transportation rates for Amazon Global Logistics, download the
rates for the [US dollar](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/aglshippercentral/puma/images/helpcenter/topics/ProgramOverview/ShipToWarehouse/STAR/cn_us/en_US/ocean-
fcl-usd.png) or [renminbi](https://m.media-
amazon.com/images/G/01/aglshippercentral/puma/images/helpcenter/topics/ProgramOverview/ShipToWarehouse/STAR/cn_us/zh_CN/ocean-
fcl-rmb.png).

You can also create your shipment in Shipper Central if you have an existing
[Amazon Global Logistics](/gp/help/202187670) profile. By creating the
shipment through Shipper Central or Seller Central, you can select either
**Full container–ocean** or **Less than container–ocean** if the selected
shipping port is from Shanghai, Ningbo, Shenzhen, and Xiamen for your shipping
mode.

**Option 2: Amazon Global Selling SEND**

To ship with Amazon Global Selling SEND
[China](/help/hub/reference/GSH9V57WXEXGJTL7),
[India](/gp/help/GM67353TPP5RNGKE),
[Vietnam](/help/hub/reference/GHN4W67N7GNKMCMB) follow these steps:

  1. Ensure that the checkbox next to **Amazon Global Selling SEND** is selected for India and Vietnam. For China, SEND will appear if **Amazon Global Logistics** checkbox is not selected. If you select the checkbox, SEND will be visible under own carrier option.

  2. Under **Shipping mode and details** , select the **ship date** and **shipping service**.

  3. Click **Get shipping cost**. The transportation cost that appears is based on the amount of inventory that you're sending.

  4. Under **Shipping parties and product description** , enter any incomplete information.

  5. Review the shipping terms and conditions by clicking the highlighted link.

  6. Click **Continue** to accept the terms and conditions.

  7. Click **Accept charges and confirm shipping** to proceed to the shipment confirmation page.

  8. Click **Confirm shipment** and proceed to Step 3: Print box labels.

**Option 3: Use your own carrier (seller managed carrier)**

You can ship from domestic and international locations by using your own
carrier. If you use your own carrier, your carrier will be required to book a
delivery appointment if your shipping mode is less than truckload (LTL) and
full truckload (FTL). For more information, go to [Book a delivery
appointment](/gp/help/GB9BMKQPPRW3FFCU).

To choose your own carrier in step 2 of Send to Amazon Warehousing and
Distribution, follow these steps:

  1. Click **Or use your own carrier** , and click **Confirm** in the pop-up window. 

  2. Once you see **SEND (Amazon Partnered Carrier)** and **Non-partnered carrier** options, choose Non-partnered carrier.

  3. Enter the ship date.

  4. Select **Small parcel delivery (SPD)** if you intend to send small parcel deliveries. Select the Small parcel delivery carrier and the mode of transportation, such as Air, Ocean, Ground, and then click **Accept charges and confirm shipping**.

  5. In case you intend to send non-Small parcel delivery shipments, select **Pallet delivery** , then click **Confirm shipping destinations** and proceed to Step 3: Print box labels.

**Note:** If you’re sending your inventory in pallet shipments, you’ll be
asked to confirm carrier information in step 4 of **Send to Amazon Warehousing
and Distribution**. Ensure that you select the carrier code from the drop-down
menu under **Non-Amazon partnered carrier**. If your carrier’s code is not
listed, select **Other**.

## Shipping method for shipments within US

Sellers having shipment origin within US, can send shipments via [Amazon
Partnered Carrier](/gp/help/G201119120) that is Small parcel delivery or
**Less than Truckload** , or Seller Managed Carrier that is Small parcel
delivery and **Less than Truckload or Full Truck Load** Step 2 of choosing
your shipping method is same for both the options.

For sending Small parcel delivery, follow these steps:  

  1. Under **Shipping mode and details** select the **ship date** and choose Small parcel delivery (SPD) as shipping mode.
  2. For sending it via Amazon partnered carrier, select **UPS**. Charges will be shown there.
  3. For sending it via your own carrier, click **Non-Amazon partnered carrier** drop down and select your carrier.
  4. Click **Confirm Shipping Destination** and proceed to Step 3: Print box labels.

Follow these steps for sending Less than truckload and full truckload:  

  1. Under **Shipping mode and details** , select the **ship date** and choose **Less than Truck Load (LTL)** as shipping mode.
  2. Click **Confirm Shipping Destination** and proceed to Step 3: Print box labels. 

**Note:** Small parcel delivery option is disabled of the assigned destination
for the shipment in east coast for both, domestic and outside US origin
shipments. If you want to send Small parcel delivery, then change the
preferred region as West coast in step 1. and then select Small parcel
delivery in step 2.

## Amazon Warehousing and Distribution FAQ

## Can I use an Amazon partnered carrier for shipments to the AWD distribution
center?

You can use Amazon Partnered Carrier, Small parcel delivery and Less than
Truckload or Full Truck Load for domestic shipments, that is shipments being
sent from within US.

## Why wasn’t I allocated the selected preferred region?

The selected preferred region will not be allocated under two circumstances:  

  1. There is insufficient capacity in the preferred region.
  2. The chosen carrier does not deliver to the preferred region.

## How can I cancel a shipment to a distribution center?

To cancel an **Amazon Partnered Carrier** confirmed order, click **Delete
shipment and charges** located at the bottom right.

Shipment cannot be canceled once they are picked up. Sellers will not get
refund of the shipping charge if Less than Truckload shipments are canceled
after 60 minutes from time of booking and if SPD shipments are canceled after
24 hours from time of booking. If sellers haven't completed the initial two
steps and want to cancel the shipment midway, they can select the **Delete
Workflow** option at the bottom right.

To cancel an **Amazon Global Logistics** confirmed order, click **Request
Shipping Cancelation** at the bottom left. If you have not completed first two
steps and would like to cancel the in transit shipment, click **Void
Workflow**.

To cancel an **Amazon Global Selling SEND** confirmed order, click **Request
Shipping Cancelation** at the bottom left. If you have not completed first two
steps and would like to cancel the in-transit shipment, click **Void
Workflow**.

**Note:** Shipment cannot be canceled after 24 hours post shipment
confirmation.

To cancel a non-Amazon partnered carrier confirmed order, click **Cancel
Shipment** from the **Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution** page. If
you have not completed the first two steps and want to cancel the in-transit
shipment, click **Delete Workflow**.

