---
title: Send to Amazon: Change or cancel your shipment
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GP29SYECJZGJ9XMR
section: General Documentation
---

## Cancel a shipment

You can cancel your Send to Amazon shipment by clicking **Cancel shipment** at
the bottom of the workflow page. This will cancel all shipments that you
created and move them into **Canceled** status in your Shipping Queue.

## Voiding Amazon partnered carrier charges

For small parcel shipments, after you have confirmed your shipping selections
and accepted the charges, you have 24 hours to void Amazon partnered carrier
charges and get a full refund. After that time, voiding will cancel all the
shipments that you have created, but you will not be able to void the shipping
charges.

For pallet shipments, after you have confirmed your shipping selections and
accepted the charges, you have one hour to void Amazon partnered carrier
charges and get a full refund. After that time, voiding will cancel all
shipments that you have created, but you will not be able to void the shipping
charges.

##  Change the ship date

If your expected **Ship date** changes after you confirm your shipment, you
can update it in step 3 of the workflow, [Print box
labels](/gp/help/GCUH6KKZA6PRA4E7), by clicking **Change ship date**.

## Change the pickup date

If you’re enrolled in the Amazon Partnered Carrier program, soon you’ll be
able to reschedule pickup of your less-than-truckload (LTL) shipments in
Seller Central, without requiring help from Selling Partner Support. This
feature is being rolled out starting September 2022, and is expected to be
available to everyone by October 31, 2022.

**Note:** If you’re not enrolled in the Partnered Carrier program, or if the
**Change freight-ready date** option is not yet available to you, [contact
Selling Partner Support](/help/hub?ref=header) at least 24 hours before the
start of your pickup day to reschedule your pickup.

  1. Go to your [Shipping Queue](/gp/fba/inbound-queue/index.html). 

  2. Find the shipment ID of the shipment that you want to reschedule. 

  3. Find the status of your shipment, and then take one of the following actions:
     * If the status is **Ready to ship** , click **Track shipment**.
     * If the status is **Working** :  

       1. Click **Work on shipment**. 
       2. Under step 5, find **Estimated pickup date**.
       3. Click **Refer to Shipping Events** for the most up-to-date pickup schedule.

  4. On the **Shipment summary** page, click the **Shipment events** tab.

  5. Click **Change freight-ready date**.

  6. Select a new date and reason code, and then click **Submit**. 

## Changing shipment contents after shipment creation

We understand that due to normal business events, you might need to change the
contents for a shipment after shipment creation. You can do so by clicking
**View or edit contents** in the shipment details box after confirming a
shipment.

If your shipment contains multiple boxes and you chose not to provide box
content information or used 2D barcodes to provide box content information,
then you can edit the number of units in the shipment through the **All SKUs**
tab. For other methods of providing box content information, you can edit the
number of units through the **All boxes** tab.

**Important:** Before the shipment arrives at the fulfillment center, you can
edit the number of units in a shipment by up to 5% or 6 units per SKU per
shipment, whichever is greater. You can also remove a SKU from a shipment, as
long as the original quantity was 6 units or below per SKU per shipment. Note
that you can’t remove all SKUs in a shipment or make a shipment empty. If you
want to make changes beyond these limits, you must cancel the shipment and
create a new one.

For small parcel shipments that use an Amazon partnered carrier, you have 24
hours to edit the box weight or dimensions, or add or remove boxes. The edits
could result in a change to the estimated shipping fees. After you submit and
confirm the edits, you must print and apply the box labels to all boxes.

For pallet shipments that use an Amazon partnered carrier, you have one hour
to edit the box weight or dimensions, or add or remove boxes. You must print
and apply all pallet labels after you confirm and submit the edits.

You may be able to remove all SKUs from a particular box depending on when you
make the updates. If you used the web form or an Excel file to provide box
content information, you can make changes within the following timeframes:

  * **Small parcel shipments that use an Amazon partnered carrier:** You can remove all SKUs in a box within 24 hours after you have confirmed your shipping selections and accepted the charges. After that time, you can remove SKUs from boxes, but you can’t remove all SKUs in a box or make a box empty. 
  * **Pallet shipments that use an Amazon partnered carrier:** You can remove all SKUs in a box within one hour after you have confirmed your shipping selections and accepted the charges. After that time, you can remove SKUs from boxes, but you can’t remove all SKUs in a box or make a box empty.

## Frequently asked questions

#### Can I change my ship-from address after my shipment is completed?

The ship-from address cannot be changed once the shipment has been finalized.
You have to cancel your shipment and create another one with the correct ship-
from address.

#### Can I cancel individual shipments in my workflow?

No, it is not possible to cancel individual shipments in Send to Amazon.

Amazon may route your inventory to multiple fulfillment centers to place it
closer to customers and reduce the time to deliver orders for your products.
Make sure to send your products to the fulfillment centers assigned in step 2
of the workflow, [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GWC4BVUFCZ2FKHQW).

For more information about the FBA shipment policy and the possible actions we
may take if your shipments are not compliant with that policy, go to [Deleted,
misrouted, and incomplete shipments](/gp/help/GLMEBQLNBY97ANYY).

#### Can I add or remove boxes, or edit the box weight or dimensions, after I
create a shipment?

To add or remove boxes, or edit the box weight or dimensions, click **View or
edit contents** in the shipment details box after you confirm the shipment.

