---
title: Send shipments to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution (AWD): Print box labels
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G48W2EW89MB5SP6H
section: General Documentation
---

  * Step 1 - [Choose inventory to send](/gp/help/GZLL7RYU2FJRN9BU)
  * Step 2 - [Confirm shipping](/gp/help/GQ6ZR5KNWKRBPT4M)
  * **Step 3 - Print box labels**
  * Step 4 - [Confirm carrier](/gp/help/GQ2DLFVQEYL74ZKW) (for Amazon partnered carrier and Seller Managed Carrier only)
  * Step 5 - [Print pallet labels](/gp/help/G6SSGPBBXX7N8YBB) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)
  * Step 6 - [Tracking details](/gp/help/GFJSVA7G3WJGVQW3) (for pallet shipments with an Amazon partnered carrier only)

Once you have confirmed your shipment in step 2 of the Send to Amazon
Warehousing and Distribution workflow, you can print labels for each box. This
page has information on how to print and apply box labels.

## Print box labels

In step 3 of Send to Amazon Warehousing and Distribution, **Print box labels**
, you’ll be provided with Serialized Ship Container Code (SSCC) box labels of
A4 size, which must be applied to the outside of each box that you send to AWD
DC. **This step is same for all shipments irrespective of the origin of
shipment and shipping method**.

These SSCC labels are the only labels that are required on the outside of each
box.

**Note:** Print the full set of SSCC labels. Don't photocopy, reuse, or modify
labels for use on additional cartons. The label applied on the box should
match the FNSKUs placed inside the box. Each box that you send to AWD DC must
not contain multiple SSCC labels placed on it.

**Important:** Failure to label your box with the required unique SSCC labels
will lead to delays, rejection, and may lead to blocking of the future
shipments. Amazon will not be responsible for lost shipment, delayed
processing, or shipment rejections in case you send shipments without the
correct SSCC labels.

Place the SSCC labels on the flat surface of the box so the barcodes don’t
fold over the edges or corners. The SSCC labels must remain uncovered so they
are scannable and readable. Making sure that your labels can be scanned
quickly and easily when your shipment arrives at the AWD DC help to prevent
delays in receiving your inventory.

## Amazon Warehousing and Distribution FAQ

#### I’m sending a pallet shipment, but I didn’t receive pallet labels during
shipment creation. Is this correct?

Pallet labels are required only if you are using Partnered Carrier Program
(PCP) for sending shipments to AWD DC. For other shipping methods, only box
labels (SSCC labels) are required to receive your shipment.

#### I am shipping from outside the US and customs in my country requires
this. Can I put an extra label on the box?

The seller can add additional labels as per custom requirements, but the
Serialized Ship Container Code (SSCC) label should be completely visible.

