---
title: Shipping costs for seller-fulfilled returns
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202103400
section: General Documentation
---

For most domestic returns in the US, we provide customers with [prepaid return
shipping labels](/gp/help/G202072200) on your behalf through [Amazon Buy
Shipping](/gp/help/G200202220) and charge your Amazon seller account.

## Return shipping charges calculation

**Note:** All of the calculation methods and fees, including surcharges, that
are described below are set by the respective carriers, not Amazon. Amazon is
simply passing this information on to you for your convenience.

We use USPS and UPS for our return shipping. Each carrier uses their own
methodology to calculate the return shipping cost:

  * **USPS return shipping cost** = base rate + adjustments (if applicable)
    * **Base rate:** The USPS base rate is calculated based on the actual weight of the package and the origin plus destination zip code zone.
    * **Adjustments:** If USPS determines that the customer underpaid or overpaid for postage, or used a different package or service from what was entered when buying the label, they will automatically charge or credit your Amazon account for the difference.
  * **UPS return shipping cost** = base rate + applicable surcharges + fuel service charge 

    * **Base rate:** The UPS base rate is calculated using the billable weight and the origin plus destination zip code zone. Billable weight is the greater of the actual weight or the dimensional weight. The UPS returns dimensional weight is calculated as length x width x height divided by 139 inches. The UPS base rate can be subject to a delivery area surcharge for deliveries to certain destination zip codes (your return address zip code in the case of returns) within Alaska, Hawaii, the 48 contiguous states, and select origins and destinations. 
    * **Applicable surcharges:** Applicable surcharges, such as additional handling or the large package surcharge, are part of the initial return shipping charge if the package characteristics are applicable. The package may be subject to other adjustments, like address correction, over maximum limits fees, base rate adjustments, and additional fuel, as invoiced by UPS after the package enters the UPS network. These charges typically take two to three weeks to post to your account after the initial charge and appear as **Adjustments** in the Payments report on Seller Central.
    * **Fuel service charge:** The fuel service charge is applied as a percentage of the total shipping cost, including surcharges. This percentage typically ranges from 13% to 15% and is subject to change by UPS monthly. This charge applies only to UPS returns shipments. 

We reserve the right to adjust charges after they are initially posted to
reflect adjustments by the applicable carrier or other service provider.

## Surcharges for return shipping

**UPS large package surcharge:** A large package surcharge will apply to each
returned UPS package if it meets one or both of the following conditions:

  * **Length** (longest side) exceeds 96 inches 
  * **Length + girth** [(2 x width) + (2 x height)] exceeds 130 inches

**Note:** Large packages are subject to a minimum billable weight of 90 lb in
addition to the large package surcharge.

**UPS additional handling surcharge:** If any of the following conditions
apply, an additional handling surcharge may be charged towards your return
shipping cost:

  * **Weight** : A package with an actual weight of more than 50 lb.
  * **Length** : A package with the longest side exceeding 48 inches.
  * **Length + girth** : A package with its length plus girth [(2 x width) + (2 x height)] combined exceeding 105 inches.
  * **Width** : A package with its second-longest side exceeding 30 inches.
  * **Packaging:**
    * An article that is not fully encased in a corrugated cardboard shipping container, including tires.
    * A package with an outer shipping container not made of corrugated cardboard, including but not limited to canvas, leather, metal, wood, hard plastic, soft plastic (such as plastic bag), or expanded polystyrene foam (styrofoam).
    * An article that is encased in a soft-sided pack (for example, poly bags and bubble mailers) that exceeds 18 inches along its longest side, or 14 inches along its second-longest side, or 6 inches along its shortest side.
    * A package with an outer shipping container covered in shrink wrap or stretch wrap.
    * A package bound with metal, plastic, or cloth banding, or that has wheels, casters, handles, or straps (including packages where the outer surface area is loosely wrapped or where the contents protrude outside the container surface).

**UPS over maximum limits surcharge** : Packages with an actual weight of more
than 150 lb, or exceeding 108 inches in length, or exceeding a total of 165
inches in length and girth [(2 x width) + (2 x height)] combined are subject
to the over maximum limits surcharge.

**UPS address correction surcharge** : If UPS is unable to deliver any package
or if the package has an incorrect or incomplete address, you may be charged.

**Base adjustment surcharge** : This surcharge applies if the return package
is larger or has more weight than what was reported. Customers may package
their returned product differently than how the products were received. It is
important to provide clear assembly and disassembly instructions to help avoid
carrier charges. The fuel service charge is also applicable on such
adjustments.

**Note:** For more information on current UPS rates, go to the [UPS
website](https://www.ups.com/us/en/support/shipping-support/shipping-costs-
rates/daily-rates.page) and download the current yearâ€™s Daily Rate and Service
Guide. Note that for some surcharges, Amazon provides you with discounted
rates for return shipping as compared to the actual carrier rates.

For more information on current USPS rates, go to the [USPS Price
List](https://pe.usps.com/text/dmm300/Notice123.htm?_gl=1*1nj6dad*_gcl_aw*R0NMLjE3MjQ5MzcyODkuRUFJYUlRb2JDaE1JMDRuZ2o2U2FpQU1WZWpjSUJSMm1ZQTRHRUFBWUFTQUFFZ0pBNGZEX0J3RQ..*_gcl_dc*R0NMLjE3MjQ5MzcyODkuRUFJYUlRb2JDaE1JMDRuZ2o2U2FpQU1WZWpjSUJSMm1ZQTRHRUFBWUFTQUFFZ0pBNGZEX0J3RQ..*_gcl_au*MTc0MzIwNjE4MS4xNzIwNzk4NTAy*_ga*MTc0MzYxODI4My4xNjc0NjcwODgw*_ga_3NXP3C8S9V*MTcyNDkzNzI4OC44LjEuMTcyNDkzNzUyMC4wLjAuMA..).

## Frequently asked questions

#### Where can I find my invoice for return shipping bought through Amazon
prepaid return label?

To view your invoice, select **Tax Document Library** from the **Reports**
drop-down menu in Seller Central. Then, click the **Seller Fee Tax Invoices**
tab.

#### How do I get support related to UPS shipping charges and adjustments?

For support related to UPS shipping charges and adjustments, contact Selling
Partner Support. For more information, go to [Guidelines for contacting
Selling Partner Support](/gp/help/GK3V2JYCN2P28BFX).

#### How do I file a claim for a lost or damaged shipment?

**UPS:** To file a lost or damaged claim for a seller-fulfilled shipment with
UPS, we recommend calling the UPS Preferred Claims team at 1-800-711-5914 and
providing the agent with relevant details. Do not file damage or loss claims
with an alternative UPS phone number or on the UPS website.

**USPS:** You can file a claim for damage or loss through the USPS website or
through mail. To learn more, go to the [USPS
website](https://www.usps.com/help/claims.htm).

