---
title: Supply Chain Portal: Fees, settings, and support
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GYRBCGWNF66MHL7G
section: General Documentation
---

This page provides additional information on Supply Chain Portal (SCP)
reports, fulfillment fees, and reimbursements. For help getting started with
SCP, go to [Multi-Channel Fulfillment: Supply Chain
Portal](/gp/help/GC2M7FXZ36SZG6K8).

## Reports

Reports for SCP listings are only available when the report is created in SCP.
Reports created in Seller Central will not include information for SCP
listings. To create a new report in SCP, follow these steps:  

  1. [Sign in to your SCP account](https://supplychain.amazon.com/login).
  2. Navigate to the **Reports** tab in the main menu.
  3. Select report type and **Request** in your preferred format, .csv or .txt.
  4. Your report will be prepared shortly, click **Refresh** , then **Download**.

## Fees

Multi-Channel Fulfillment (MCF) charges [fulfillment fees for domestic
orders](/gp/help/G201112650) and [export orders](/gp/help/G200804980).
Download our complete [rate card](https://supplychain.amazon.com/pricing)
(available in English only).

_Fulfillment fees for MCF orders will be charged to your account balance at
the time the order is shipped. Your seller account may have a negative balance
if the fees you owe exceed your sales on Amazon. MCF sellers with negative
account balances may have their credit cards charged up to once per day. If a
payment fails, MCF shipping services may be suspended until payment is
successfully received. To ensure sellers have sufficient funds to fulfill
financial obligations, we may impose transaction limits on some sellers based
on cumulative value of fees accrued during a settlement period which may
result in pausing MCF shipping services until payment is successfully
received. We will not be liable for any delays or interruptions in order
fulfillment as a result of MCF shipping services getting suspended. For more
information, go to[MCF Billing FAQ](/gp/help/GTP9V9YMVUSLWG2S)._

## Unbranded packaging

MCF orders are automatically shipped in unbranded packaging, at no additional
cost to you. The packaging materials that we use–including boxes, tape, and
poly bags–do not contain any Amazon branding.

Unbranded packaging is the default option for MCF orders, except in cases when
it may result in longer shipping and delivery times, such as orders with bulk
units. To ensure that all your orders are shipped in unbranded packaging,
select **Only ship with blank boxes** under the **Add items** section of the
[quick order form](/mcf/orders/create-order). Note that MCF’s unbranded
packaging feature does not support items that exceed 56 inches for the longest
side or are heavier than 49.9 lb.

## Carrier preference

You can block your MCF orders from being delivered by Amazon Logistics, which
will result in a 5% surcharge on those orders. When you block Amazon
Logistics, only third-party carriers will ship your order. For more
information, go to [Fulfillment fees for Multi-Channel Fulfillment
orders](/gp/help/G201112650).

You can block Amazon Logistics at the account level in your [Multi-Channel
Fulfillment settings](/gp/ssof/configuration/multi-channel-fulfillment-
settings.html). For individual orders, you can block this shipping method
through [MCF API](https://developer-docs.amazon.com/sp-api/docs/fulfillment-
outbound-api-v2020-07-01-reference) or by selecting **Block Amazon Logistics
as a carrier for this order** on the [order creation](/mcf/orders/create-
order) page.

If you block this delivery method through your MCF settings, by default none
of your MCF orders will be delivered by Amazon Logistics. Changing your Amazon
Logistics preference for individual orders will override your MCF settings
preference for those orders only.

## Reimbursements

You’re eligible for reimbursements on your MCF orders if we determine that
they’ve been lost or damaged. You have **up to 90 days after the latest
delivery date or the estimated delivery date from the carrier** to submit your
claim for any lost or damaged items on your MCF orders. To file a
reimbursement in SCP, follow these steps:

  

  1. [Sign in to your SCP account](https://supplychain.amazon.com/login).
  2. Navigate to the **Support** tab in the main menu.
  3. Select **Contact Us**.
  4. Select **Reimbursements** and the reimbursement reason.
  5. Click **Send** after providing required information.

**You are ineligible for reimbursements if any of the following apply:**

  * You use MCF as a way to remove items from a fulfillment center
  * You use MCF as a way to fulfill any order placed on the Amazon website, including self-fulfilled orders, FBA orders, or any related shipments. Instead, use FBA. For more information, go to [Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)](/gp/help/53921)

MCF fulfillment fees and items in orders that are marked as delivered by the
carrier aren’t eligible for reimbursement.

**Note:** The maximum reimbursement amount for an eligible single unit
fulfilled by MCF is $300. For items valued at more than the maximum
reimbursement amount, we recommend that you buy third-party insurance.

**How we calculate reimbursement value**

If we determine that your reimbursement claim is valid, we’ll reimburse your
account by adding into your inventory the corresponding number of units of the
same FNSKU, or by crediting your account with a cash reimbursement for the
units. You have to provide an invoice showing the commercial value (cost of
goods purchased or produced) when submitting your claim. For any cash
reimbursements, we’ll reimburse the cost of the eligible item, up to a maximum
$300 for any single unit.

We calculate the reimbursement value as the refund amount or the estimated
sale price of the replacement item on the original order with MCF fees
subtracted from it. If a refund was issued, you have to provide proof of
refunded amount for the units to be reimbursed. If a replacement was issued, a
valid retail invoice is required for the units to be reimbursed.

If you do not agree with the Amazon valuation of a unit, you can file a claim
using the [Contact Us](https://supplychain.amazon.com/scp/contact) page in
Supply Chain Portal within 90 days after we issue the reimbursement.

## Lost orders

If your order isn’t delivered within seven days after the promised delivery
date or estimated delivery date, you can claim a lost reimbursement by
contacting MCF support. Orders that are marked as delivered by the carrier
aren’t eligible for reimbursement.

Your claim must include **all of the following:**

  * Order ID
  * Proof of the original non-Amazon order (such as a screenshot of your Shopify order) including all affected ASINs, their corresponding quantities, the buyer’s name and address as well as the sales price
  * Proof of refund or replacement provided to the buyer, including the buyer’s name and address
  * Tracking IDs for the affected shipments, if the order contained multiple shipments

## Damaged, wrong, or missing items

If any items in your order are wrong, missing, or damaged in transit to the
buyer, you can file for reimbursement by contacting MCF support. To receive a
reimbursement, you must provide photographic proof of the damaged item, wrong
item, or missing items in the package.

When you submit a reimbursement claim for an order that contains damaged,
wrong, or missing items, you must provide **all five of the following** :

  * Order IDs, ASINs, or FNSKUs of the damaged, wrong, or missing items, and quantities of each affected item
  * Proof of the original non-Amazon order, such as a screenshot of your Shopify order. The order must include all ASINs and corresponding quantities, the buyer’s name and address as well as the sales price
  * Proof of refund or replacement provided to the buyer, including the buyer's name and address
  * Images of the shipping box or envelope and all shipping labels
  * The following information, depending on the issue:
    * **For damaged items**
      * A description of the damage
      * Images of the whole item, including clear images of the UPC, ASIN, or FNSKU barcode label
      * Images of the damage described
      * For electronics, such as TVs and printers, images of the serial and model numbers
    * **For wrong items**
      * A description of the difference
      * Images of the incorrectly received item showing the UPC, ASIN, or FNSKU barcode label, or the LPN sticker, or both, and the described difference
      * Images of the model number and serial number, if available
    * **For missing items**
      * Images of the inside of the shipping box or envelope showing the received items, if one unit of multiple units that were shipped in the package is missing
      * Images of the empty shipping box, if only one item was shipped in the box
      * Images of empty product packaging, if a product box was received without one or more of the internal contents

## Returns

Items fulfilled through MCF can be returned to Amazon fulfillment centers. You
can choose to return items to fulfillment centers or follow your existing
returns process.

When a buyer contacts you to initiate a return, you can ask the buyer to send
the return to Amazon so that it can be put back into your Amazon inventory.

To initiate a return to Amazon, follow these steps:

  

  1. Go to [Manage orders](/orders).
  2. **Select a time frame** or in the search box, enter the MCF order ID and click **Search**.
  3. Click the order ID link in the **Order details** column.
  4. On the MCF order details page, click **Returns**.
  5. Select the return quantity for the item or items that the buyer wants to return.
  6. Indicate the return reason for the item or items.
  7. Click **Submit return**.

The return merchandise authorization form will then be generated. The form
contains the following two sections:

  * **Return mailing label:** A label that contains the address of the fulfillment center that will be receiving and processing the return. Ask the buyer to place the label on their return package.

**Note:** Postage is not provided on the return mailing label. You or the
buyer are responsible for buying and producing the return label.

  * **Return authorization slip:** A form that contains a barcode and item description for the products being returned. The slip must be included inside the return package alongside the items.

When a return is received at a fulfillment center, our associates check the
item’s condition. If it is in a sellable condition, we add it back to your
Amazon inventory. If it is unsellable, you must follow our removal procedure
to receive the defective product.

It may take up to seven days to process the return and put the item back into
your inventory once it is delivered to a fulfillment center.

After you have initiated a return, click **Return status** on the MCF order
details page for information on the return. You can also view this information
on the [Customer Returns report](/reports#/CUSTOMER_RETURN). Select the
appropriate time frame in the **Event date** drop-down menu. The report will
show whether we’ve received the return and the disposition of the item.

In some cases, an item may be returned to a fulfillment center by the carrier.
There are various reasons why this might occur, such as when an item was
damaged during transit, an item was undeliverable due to an incorrect address,
or the buyer refused delivery. In these cases, it may take up to seven days
from the last tracking update to add the returned units back to your
inventory. Orders that are returned by carrier aren’t eligible for
reimbursement.

## Removals

You will only be able to remove your inventory from Amazon by contacting MCF
support through SCP. To start the removal process, follow these steps:

  

  1. [Sign in to your SCP account](https://supplychain.amazon.com/login).
  2. Navigate to the **Support** tab in the main menu.
  3. Select **Contact Us** and create a case with details of the products that you would like to remove or dispose of.
  4. A MCF representative will respond within 24 hours.

**Note:** The fees to remove inventory from SCP are the same as FBA. For more
information, go to [FBA removal order fees](/gp/help/G200685050).

## Integrations

With integrations, you can optimize your order fulfillment process from online
checkout to your customers’ doorsteps, so you can save time. We offer over 100
integrations that enable you to connect MCF with your ecommerce solution
providers (such as Shopify and BigCommerce) and other backend systems, and
automate order fulfillment across all your channels.

To make it simpler to choose the right integration for your business, you can
use the [MCF Integration Selection
tool](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/mcf/integration-selection-tool).

To use this tool, follow these steps:

  

  1. [Access the tool](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/mcf/integration-selection-tool).
  2. Complete the two required fields by selecting the option that matches your business.
  3. If desired, add more information in the optional fields to help the tool to identify the integration that’s the best fit for your business.
  4. Click **Show results** at the bottom right corner of the page. The recommended integrations for your business will show up on a list.
  5. Click **Learn more** in each recommendation to get details and start integrating your off-Amazon sales channels with MCF.

## Packing slip settings

To change the name and text on your packing slip for MCF orders, follow these
steps:

  

  1. [Sign in to your SCP account](https://supplychain.amazon.com/login).
  2. Navigate to the **Setting** tab in the main menu.
  3. Click **Fulfillment**.
  4. Navigate to **Multi-Channel Fulfillment settings** to edit:
     * **Packing slip–merchant name** : Enter your business name or your website name that should appear on the packing slip with your order.
     * **Packing slip–text** : Enter the text that you want to place on the packing slip with your order. We recommend that you include information about your return policy or contact information for service requests. For example: Thank you for ordering from [website name]. We appreciate your order. For customer returns, go to [https://yourwebsite.com/returns].

## SCP support

To get support with Supply Chain Portal issues, create a case by following
these steps:

  

  1. [Sign in to your SCP account](https://supplychain.amazon.com/login).
  2. Navigate to the **Setting** tab in the main menu.
  3. Click **Contact Us** and create a support case with your issue.
  4. A MCF representative will respond within 24 hours.

