---
title: The New Seller Guide program and benefits
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GFG4VRQK7CQLGRTM
section: General Documentation
---

The New Seller Guide program is a set of brand, logistics, pricing, and
promotional services that are backed by data science and designed for the
growth of new sellers. They can also help established sellers expand to new
Amazon stores worldwide.

You can sign up if you have a **Professional selling account**.

If you own a brand, you can perform the following actions:

  * Enroll your brand in **Amazon Brand Registry**.
  * Create and add **A+ Content** to your product listings.
  * Enroll products in **Amazon Vine**.
  * Create **Sponsored Brand** ads.

All new Professional sellers can also perform the following actions:

  * Set dynamic prices using **Automate Pricing**.
  * Sign up for **Fulfillment by Amazon** , enroll products, and send inventory to Amazon.
  * Create **Multi-Channel Fulfillment** orders.
  * Create **Sponsored Product ads**.
  * Create **Lightning or 7-Day Deals**.
  * Create **Amazon Coupons**.

While exploring these services, you can enjoy [over $50,000 in the New Seller
Incentives program](/gp/help/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU).

To know more about, "Intro to the New Seller Guide" check the following video:

## Brand Registry: Protect and build your brand

Enroll your brand in [Amazon Brand Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com)
to unlock a suite of protection tools and selling benefits that are designed
to safeguard your intellectual property, increase sales, grow your audience,
and inform sellers about your selling strategy.

In 2022, **99% of product listings** that were blocked or removed from the
Amazon store were found by Brand Registryâ€™s proactive controls. For more
information, go to [Brand protection report,
2023](https://brandservices.amazon.com/progressreport).

New sellers who enroll a brand in Brand Registry get 10% back on their first
$50,000 in branded sales, then 5% back through their first year until they
reach $1,000,000.

## A+ Content: Increase sales with better listings

After enrolling your brand in Amazon Brand Registry, you can use [A+
Content](/enhanced-content/content-manager) to showcase your products and tell
your story on Amazon product detail pages. Use A+ Content to add videos,
enhanced images, and product-comparison charts that inform and inspire
customers. You can also run A/B tests on your content to find out which
titles, images, and product descriptions drive the most sales.

Basic A+ Content can encourage repeat purchases and help **increase sales by
up to 8%** (Amazon internal data).

## Vine: Boost engagement with product reviews

Increase sales for a brand you enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry by using
[Amazon Vine](/vine/welcome_to_vine). The Amazon Vine program helps generate
high-quality customer reviews from Amazon-trusted reviewers. Enroll a product
in Vine and provide free units to reviewers, who can help inform and inspire
customers.

On average, brands have found Amazon Vine helped the **growth of initial
product sales by more than 15%** (Amazon internal data).

New sellers who enroll a brand in Amazon Brand Registry get a **$200 credit**
for Amazon Vine.

## Fulfillment by Amazon: Outsource shipping, returns, and customer service

With [Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA)](/fba/dashboard), you can store products in
Amazon's network of more than 100 fulfillment centers. When a customer places
an order, we pick, pack, ship, and provide customer service and returns. The
program can help you increase sales and stay focused on growing your business.

You can also use [Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/mcf) to outsource fulfillment
for purchases made on your own website or other sales channels using your FBA
inventory.

Shipping with FBA costs **30% less per unit** than standard shipping options
offered by major US carriers and **70% less per unit** than their premium
options when compared to FBA. For more information, go to [Amazon Small
Business Empowerment report, 2023](https://cdn-
sellingpartners.aboutamazon.com/84/6e/5105fb3847e89135abcd755439b9/2022-small-
business-empowerment-reportv-may2023.pdf).

New sellers who sign up for FBA, enroll a product, and send inventory to
Amazon get **$100 off** on shipments that are sent to the Amazon fulfillment
centers and **free storage and customer returns** with automatic enrollment in
the FBA New Selection program. They can also get a **$200 credit** towards
fulfillment costs when they use Amazon Global Logistics, and they can get
**10% off** fulfillment costs on the first 100 units they ship with Multi-
Channel Fulfillment.

Get started with FBA

Intro to send to Amazon

## Automated pricing: Stay competitive with dynamic pricing

Our free [Automate Pricing](https://sell.amazon.com/tools/automate-pricing)
tools adjust prices automatically to help you stay competitive and increase
your chances of becoming the Featured Offer on the Amazon store. Create
pricing rules and limits, apply them to your products, and Amazon keeps your
offers 24/7 while you focus on growing your business.

Automate Pricing: Create and apply a custom or catalog-level pricing rule

Automate Pricing: Apply the pre-defined pricing rule

## Advertising: Make your products and brand discoverable

Help customers find your business by creating [Sponsored Products and
Sponsored Brand ads](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising) that appear on
multiple placements on the Amazon store. Create campaigns with ease and pay
only when customers actually click your ads. You can track your ad performance
using metrics like impressions, clicks, and sales.

To promote products in other ways, try creating [Lighting or 7-Day
Deals](/merchandising-new/landing) on the Amazon store, or consider [Amazon
Coupons](/coupons).

Products saw a weekly average increase of more than **30% in glance views, and
there was a more than 50% lift in the units ordered** within the first year
after launching a Sponsored Products campaign (Amazon internal data).

New sellers get a $50 credit to create Sponsored Products or Sponsored Brands
ads for up to 90 days after listing. They also get a $50 credit to create
Amazon Coupons.

Create a Deal

Create a Coupon

## New seller incentives: Get started with $50,000 in incentives overview

**Get 10% back on branded sales**

We invest in new brands at Amazon. Enroll your brand in [Amazon Brand
Registry](https://brandservices.amazon.com/) to take advantage of the
following benefits:

  * **10% back** on your first $50,000 in branded sales, then **5% back** through your first year until you reach $1,000,000
  * **$200** credit for [Amazon Vine](/vine/welcome_to_vine)

**Advertise, fulfill, and grow**

All new professional sellers can take advantage of the following benefits:

  * **$100 off** on shipments that are sent to Amazon fulfillment centers using the [Amazon Partnered Carrier program](/gp/help/G201119120)
  * **$200 credit** towards fulfillment costs when you use [Amazon Global Logistics](https://sell.amazon.com/programs/amazon-global-logistics)
  * **Free storage and customer returns** with automatic enrollment in the [FBA New Selection program](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ)
  * **10% off** fulfillment costs on the first 100 units shipped with [Multi-Channel Fulfillment](/mcf)
  * **$50 credit** for creating [Sponsored Products or Sponsored Brands ads](https://sell.amazon.com/advertising)
  * **$50 credit** for creating [Amazon Coupons](/coupons)

For more information, go to [New Seller
Incentives](/gp/help/GXMJ38VA95GUN5XU).

To know more about, "Intro to New Seller Incentives" check the following
video:

