---
title: Understand deal fees
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202111590
section: General Documentation
---

Deals are time-bound, promotional offers where an item receives special
merchandising such as a Deals Badge for a limited number of days. This might
help increase sales, and it can also be an effective way to reduce your
inventory. There is a fee required to run a Deal.

## Deal fees display

You will be charged for each Lightning Deal or a Best Deal that is submitted
and has successfully run. The fee is displayed as part of the deal creation
work flow when you select the schedule for the deal.

**What doesn't affect the fee:** Changes to the number of variations,
quantity, and price.

**What affects the fee:** The country in which you run the deal and the week
you choose to run the deal.

**Note:** If applicable, you might be taxed based on the tax rules of the
respective country.

## Fee ranges

The fee for your Lightning Deal or Best Deal might change depending on the
date on which your deal runs. The weeks with higher fees are a time period
during which customer traffic to Amazon is significantly higher, leading to
greater exposure and potential sales for your deal.

If your deal is scheduled during this higher traffic time period, you will be
charged a higher fee, which will be displayed on the **Deal** page. If you are
unsatisfied with the resulting fee, you can [cancel the
Deal](/gp/help/G202111610).

## Timing of charges for deal fees

You will be charged after a deal runs on its scheduled date and time. When the
fee is processed, it will show up as a [Deal Fee transaction](/gp/payments-
account/view-transactions.html) on your Seller Central statement ( **Seller
Central** > **Payments** > **Payments** > **Transaction View** > **Service
Fees** ). The fee will be deducted from your account, similar to [FBA
fees](/gp/help/G201074400). You can view additional details, such as which
deal is associated with the fee, by clicking on the amount in the **Total**
column.

## Charges for deals that do not perform well

You will be charged the full fee if you cancel a deal while it is running. To
learn more about canceling deals, go to [Cancel a
Deal](https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G202111610).

Amazon does not guarantee sales from running a deal, nor provides refunds if
your deal does not perform well. Additionally, running a deal does not
guarantee that you'll be the Featured Offer.

If you were incorrectly charged a deal fee for a deal that did not run,
contact Selling Partner Support within 30 days of the scheduled run time for
possible refund consideration.

## Charges for canceled deals

Amazon will not charge you if:

  * You cancel the deal before the scheduled start time.
  * Amazon cancels the deal before the scheduled start time.

You will be charged the full fee if you cancel a deal while it is running.

