---
title: US Income Reporting & Tax Identity Collection FAQ
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200663290
section: General Documentation
---

There has been a recent change in tax reporting rules relating to US third-
party settlement organizations and payment processors, including Amazon. The
law reduces the thresholds from $20,000 in unadjusted gross sales and more
than 200 transactions down to $600 and no transaction threshold for IRS Form
1099-K. However, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has delayed the effective
date of the new reporting threshold, and as an interim measure is planning to
implement a $5,000 threshold for calendar year 2024 (only). IRS Form 1099-K is
issued to US persons that meet the unadjusted gross sales threshold annually.
For more information about how the IRS defines US persons, see
[here](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/classification-
of-taxpayers-for-us-tax-purposes).

If you did not meet the tax reporting threshold, you will not receive an IRS
Form 1099-K from Amazon. You can learn more about the threshold changes
[here](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-1099-k).

**Note:** Certain states have a different tax reporting threshold than the
federal (IRS) threshold. Consult the IRS or your tax professional adviser to
understand your state and federal reporting tax obligations.

To assist its sellers in complying with these IRS rules, Amazon has put in
place a system for identifying sellers from whom it must obtain identifying
informaxtion. Once you receive a notification, you will have to complete the
Tax interview, even if the information that triggered the collection of the
identifying information is changed or deleted at a later date.

You can provide your information to Amazon by going to the [self-service tax
interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-redirect) that will guide you
through entering your taxpayer information and validating your Form W-8 or
W-9. To fulfill the IRS requirements as efficiently as possible, answer all
questions and enter all information requested during the interview.

Avoid misspellings or entering incorrect Tax Identification Numbers, both of
which can result in an invalidated tax form. Move forward or backward through
the tax interview process at your own pace. Don't worry if you are not sure
which form (W-8 or W-9) applies to you. The answers you provide during the tax
interview will automatically determine that for you.

Help is available throughout the tax interview process, including links to IRS
publications that support the IRS Form W-8 and W-9.

See answers to frequently asked questions below, and learn more at the [IRS
website](https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/about-form-w-8-ben).

**Important:** Information on this page does not constitute tax, legal or
other professional advice and must not be used as such. If you have other
questions, contact your tax, legal or other professional adviser.

## US Tax interview FAQ

#### Can Amazon help me with my tax return or assist me in completing the tax
interview?

While we are committed to helping sellers understand the requirements under
these tax regulations, we do not provide tax guidance. Contact a tax
professional.

For tax guidance, click [Service Provider
Network](/tsba/searchpage/taxCategory) to contact a tax professional.

#### I am a US taxpayer. What information do I need to provide to Amazon?

By completing the tax interview in your seller account, you will be providing
Amazon the appropriate tax identity information in the form of a Form W-8 or
W-9.

For US taxpayers, a tax identification number (TIN) is required by the IRS for
the administration of tax laws. In most cases, your TIN is either an Employer
Identification Number (EIN) or a Social Security Number (SSN).

#### I am a foreign seller and not a US taxpayer. Do I need to provide any
information to Amazon for US tax purposes?

Yes, even if you are a non-US taxpayer, you still need to provide us
information if prompted in order to retain your selling privileges. The
responses you give to the tax interview questions will create the appropriate
tax form on your behalf.

IRS regulations require non-US taxpayers to provide Form W-8 to Amazon in
order to be exempt from US tax reporting requirements. An IRS Form W-8 expires
on December 31, following three years after a seller provides it to Amazon.
When prompted, foreign sellers are required to retake the tax interview to
submit a new form.

Additionally, Amazon must obtain identifying information, such as a tax ID,
from certain sellers on Amazonâ€™s non-US stores. In general, IRS regulations
require Amazon to collect identifying information from sellers who have a US
address, US banking information, or other identifying information connecting
the seller to the US.

#### I am not going to come close to hitting the reporting threshold. Why does
Amazon require my tax identity?

All seling partners on Amazon.com, regardless of the number of transactions
they have in a calendar year, are required to complete the Tax Information
Interview.

#### I received an email or notification on my Account Health page stating
that my Form W-8 is expiring or has already expired. How do I give Amazon new
or updated information?

The US Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requires that Amazon maintain a current
Form W-8 for sellers, individuals, or entities who are not US persons. For
more information about how the IRS defines US persons, visit the [IRS
Classification of taxpayers](https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-
taxpayers/classification-of-taxpayers-for-us-tax-purposes) page.

If you have received an email or notification on your [Account
Health](/performance/dashboard) page that you must provide updated U.S. Tax
Identity information but your Account Information page shows the tax
information is complete, this is expected as your Form W-8 on file has not yet
expired. To renew your U.S. Tax Identity information, go to the [self-service
tax interview](/hz/account-info/tax-interview-redirect) to submit the required
information.

If you are a non-US person, failure to maintain a current Form W-8 will result
in suspension of your selling privileges. If you have terminated your account
for a region, you may not be required to update your Form W-8 for that region.

####  How do I update my U.S. Tax Identity?

To update your tax information, you must complete the [US Tax Identity
Information Interview](/gp/seller/configuration/account-info-page.html).

#### I have provided my tax identity information. How long will it take to see
if it is valid?

After you update your tax identity information, the **Tax Information**
section of your **Account Info** page will display **Provided and Pending
Validation**. If we find your information doesn't match IRS records, we will
send you an email with instructions on how to proceed. If you choose to mail
your hard copy document instead of consenting to electronic signatures, we
will require 10-15 business days to process upon receipt.

