# Restock recommendation

Section: Inventory Management Tools
Original URL: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/GRG6KMB257N2XXNQ

The Restock recommendation feature on **Manage All Inventory** page (Menu >
**Inventory** > **Manage All Inventory**) helps you plan how much inventory
you have to restock in order to maintain a healthy inventory for seller-
fulfilled listings sold on Amazon. You can use these inputs as a guide to
identify SKUs that have high demand and prevent running out of inventory for
those SKUs.  
  
These inputs can guide you in planning your inventory in the following ways:  

  1. **Recommending restock quantity** : Estimated quantity that you must restock based on your current inventory and projected demand for the next two weeks across all locations.
  2. **Estimating days of supply** : Estimated number of days your current inventory supply will last based on the projected demand for your product.
  3. **Configuring a restock-by date** : The recommended restock-by date helps you avoid low-stock or out-of-stock scenarios, based on your estimated days of supply and the demand forecast for the next 14 days.
  4. **Providing a demand forecast** : The demand forecast tool provides an estimate of future demand for your products over the next eight weeks. These demand estimates are forecast for each of your SKUs using our AI models that incorporate information such as previous orders, active deals, and any seasonal influences.

## Frequently asked questions

#### How does Amazon generate restock recommendations for my listed products?

To help you maintain high in-stock levels for your products on Amazon, we have
developed a demand forecasting model that calculates suggested restock
quantities and restock-by dates for your products. These recommendations and
related estimates (for example, estimated days of supply) are based on a
variety of factors, including future demand forecasts and current inventory
levels.

#### Why don’t I see a restock recommendation feature for all of my products?

Currently, we show demand forecasts only for products that meet three
criteria:

  * The product must have had active sales in the last three months.
  * Current inventory must be zero, or current days of supply must be less than 14 days.
  * The product must have projected demand (non-zero) in the next 14 days.

If these conditions are not met, restock recommendations will not be available
for those SKUs.

#### For products listed across multiple locations, how do I understand the
restock recommendation?

We currently show inventory recommendations and demand forecasts for SKUs
across all inventory locations. In the case of multi-location sellers,
specific locations will not be considered in this calculation.

#### How do I interpret the multiple pieces of information on the demand
forecast graph for my product?

The demand forecast is generated based on a model that uses your fulfillment
history to calculate expected demand and associated uncertainty. In the demand
forecast graph, you can view forecasts for two scenarios:

  * **Mean** : The expected quantity of weekly customer demand, represented by the green line in the tool.
  * **Optimistic** : The dotted line shows the optimistic forecast, indicating that demand for your product is expected to be at or below this level 90% of the time.

The graph also features two additional lines:

  * The gray line shows the ordered units of your product in the last 8 weeks.
  * The yellow line compares the number of ordered units from last year.

#### I don’t want to view restock recommendation. How can I disable restock
recommendation feature for my products?

You can hide restock recommendations by following the steps:  

  1. Sign in to Seller Central and go to Menu > **Inventory** > **Manage All Inventory**
  2. On the **Manage All Inventory** page, click the settings icon on the right-hand side to open **Preferences** page
  3. On the **Preferences** page, unselect **FBM****Restock recommendations** option and click **Save changes**

