# Selling on Amazon fees guide

Original URL: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G6F7CN3EQS7MEGCN

Learn about the fees that are charged for selling on Amazon and using optional
programs. This page is a hub that connects you to fee resources, including fee
details, key terms, and tools to help manage your Amazon business.

## Resources to learn about fees

![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/GXNH3YRQMRDKKQAX_Global_en-US.png) | 

#### Key terms and product attributes used to calculate fee rates

Fees are calculated using information such as the product category and
shipping weight. For a glossary of key terms and links to pages that have
complete information on the terms, go to [List of key fee
terms](/gp/help/GXKD8EAW2LPKYFD4).  
---|---  
![](https://d1n436oh1t0g4d.cloudfront.net/G9RJBP4YT6DTCE9B_Global_en-US.png) | 

#### Useful fee tools

Amazon provides tools to help you estimate and track your fees. For more
information, go to [List of useful fee tools](/gp/help/GM7QTG54ECZ3BEX8).  
  
## News

#### Active fee promotions

  * [FBA New Selection program](/gp/help/GWHQRT98SAZC29VQ)

#### Annual fee changes

  * [2025 US referral and FBA fee changes summary](/gp/help/G201411300)
  * [2025 US FBA fulfillment fee changes](/gp/help/GABBX6GZPA8MSZGW)

## Core selling and FBA fees quick links

The following fees are called “core fees” because they’re the most commonly
charged and have the largest impact on managing your Amazon business. Other
fees may also apply.

## Core selling fees

####  [Referral fees](/gp/help/GTG4BAWSY39Z98Z3)

For all products, Amazon deducts the applicable referral fee percentage
calculated on the total sales price, excluding any taxes calculated through
Amazon tax calculation services. The total sales price is the total amount
paid by the buyer, including the item price and any delivery charges or gift
wrapping charges. Referral fees vary by category.

####  [Monthly subscription fee](/gp/help/G67WTAUHB9TQ9M6U)

The Professional Selling Plan is a monthly subscription service that provides
a suite of tools and benefits, including bulk listings, Selling Partner API
(SP-API), automated pricing, advanced business reports, customizable shipping
rates, and eligibility for top placement on detail pages.

####  [Per-item selling fees](/gp/help/G8TPCFJRDFPKAZ6M)

Sellers with an Individual Selling Plan pay a per-item fee for each item sold
in the Amazon store, in addition to any other applicable fees.

####  [Closing fees](/gp/help/GKD9U5REK5DKB38Y)

Media items are charged a closing fee for each unit sold, in addition to any
other applicable fees.

## Core FBA fees

####  [FBA fulfillment fees](/gp/help/GPDC3KPYAGDTVDJP)

The FBA fulfillment fee is a per-unit fee charged to fulfill items to buyers
for purchases on Amazon. The fee varies depending on the item’s category,
size, and weight.

####  [Monthly inventory storage fees](/gp/help/G3EDYEF6KUCFQTNM)

Amazon charges monthly inventory storage fees for the space that your
inventory occupies in fulfillment centers. Storage fees are based on the daily
average volume, in cubic feet, as measured by the unit size when properly
packaged.

####  [Aged inventory surcharge](/gp/help/GJQNPA23YWVA4SBD)

Inventory that has been in a fulfillment center for 181 days and above is
charged an aged inventory surcharge in addition to the monthly inventory
storage fee. The surcharges are assessed using an inventory snapshot on the
15th of each month.

####  [FBA disposal order fees](/gp/help/G5FKTA8LXU4TZPD5)

Disposal fees are charged per item when you request that Amazon dispose of
items in your FBA inventory. You can also remove inventory from a fulfillment
center by submitting a removal order. For more information, go to [Remove
inventory (overview)](/gp/help/G200280650).

