---
title: List products for Fulfillment by Amazon
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200141220
section: Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon FBA
---

After you create a new listing for a product, you specify it as FBA inventory
by changing the **Fulfilled by** value from **Merchant** to **Amazon**.

**Tip:** You can view your FBA inventory listings on **Manage Inventory** by
clicking **Amazon** in the **Fulfilled by** section of the **filters** bar.

You can add products to your inventory individually or upload a list of
products to create multiple listings at once. For more information, go to the
following help pages:

  * [Add one product at a time](/gp/help/200220550)
  * [List products in bulk](/gp/help/200327780)

Make sure that you adhere to the FBA listing requirements when filling out the
details page for your offer. For more information, go to [FBA product title
requirements](/gp/help/201051300).

## Change a listing to Fulfilled by Amazon

To change a listing to Fulfilled by Amazon, follow these steps:

  

  1. On [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory), select the items that you want to change to FBA.
  2. From the **Action on selected** drop-down list, click **Change to fulfilled by Amazon**. 

**Tip:** To change an FBA listing to a self-fulfilled listing, select **Change
to fulfilled by merchant**.

  3. On the **List as FBA** page, click **List as FBA** to go to the Inventory Amazon Manages page or **List as FBA and send to Amazon** to begin creating a shipping plan. For more information, go to [Create shipments with Send to Amazon](/gp/help/G6925SDD66GDLXJW). 

**Important:** If you want to fulfil orders for these items yourself as well
as offer them via FBA, you must create two listings, one for each fulfillment
type.

##  List products for multi-channel fulfillment exclusively

You can list your Multi-Channel Fulfillment inventory without the products
appearing for sale on Amazon by entering a **Start selling** date that is set
to a later date and you create your product listing.

**Important:** If you have an Individual selling account, you must list your
products for sale on Amazon in addition to filling orders from other channels.
If you want to use Multi-Channel Fulfillment exclusively, and not list your
products for sale on Amazon, you must sign up for a Professional account.

For more information, go to [Multi-Channel Fulfillment: Fulfill orders for
your sales channels](/gp/help/200332450).

##  Close a listing

When you close a listing, the status changes from **Active** to **Inactive** ,
and your product is no longer available for sale on Amazon. Your inventory for
this product will remain in the Amazon fulfillment centers. You can relist
your products, submit removal orders, or fill orders through other channels
with Multi-Channel Fulfillment.

  

  1. On [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory), select the listings that you want to close.
  2. In the **Action on selected** drop-down list, select **Close listing**.

## Delete a listing

When you delete a listing, any offers that are fulfilled by Amazon remain on
your inventory list but are not available for buying on Amazon or for filling
Multi-Channel Fulfillment orders. Inventory in the Amazon fulfillment centers
will remain there until you submit a removal order. For more information, go
to [Remove inventory (overview)](/gp/help/200280650).

  

  1. On [Manage Inventory](/hz/inventory), select the listings that you want to close.
  2. In the **Action on selected** drop-down list, click **Delete products and listings**.

**Important:** Note that when you delete or close a listing, or change it from
Fulfilled by Amazon to Fulfilled by Merchant, it might strand your inventory.
Stranded inventory is FBA inventory in fulfillment centers that does not have
an associated active offer and hence, is not available for sale on Amazon.
When inventory is stranded, it requires either reactivating the listing or
removing inventory. Stranded inventory under ‘Closed Listing’ or ‘Deleted
Listing’ is eligible for auto-removals, and will be auto-removed based on your
stranded auto-removal settings. To customize your automatic removal settings,
go to [Fix stranded inventory](/inventoryplanning/stranded-inventory) and
click **Edit automatic action settings**.

