---
title: Using manufacturer barcodes with FBA virtual tracking
url: https://sellercentral.amazon.com/help/hub/reference/G200141480
section: Get started with Fulfillment by Amazon FBA
---

Fulfillment by Amazon requires a scannable barcode on each product unit so it
can be tracked throughout the fulfillment process. You can use manufacturer
barcodes (such as ISBN, UPC, EAN, or JAN) for eligible units. Units that do
not qualify or don't have an existing scannable barcode will need a label
affixed to them.

Used by default for eligible products, manufacturer barcodes use virtual
tracking to trace the source of the products throughout the fulfillment
process. Identical items from different suppliers are not physically stored
together in a fulfillment center. However, Virtual tracking allows Amazon to
fulfill orders using identical products from different suppliers. This enables
us to process a customer order more efficiently and expedite its delivery from
the fulfillment center closest to the customer.

##  Benefits of manufacturer barcode with virtual tracking

Using virtual tracking can help to do the following:

  * Save you the cost of creating and applying unique barcodes for each unit 
  * Improve customer service by delivering items to buyers faster, using a more distributed fulfillment network 
  * Minimize fees by lowering fulfillment costs 
  * Reduce carbon emissions and packaging waste 

## Example

Suppose a customer in Florida orders a product, and only two units are
available. One unit is in a fulfillment center in California and one unit is
in a fulfillment center in New York. The seller who owns the California unit
is the one who makes the sale.

To provide faster delivery for the buyer, we will send the unit from the
closer fulfillment center in New York. We will credit the money to the seller
who made the sale, and credit the unit back to the seller who did not make the
sale by virtually transferring ownership of the identical unit in California.

##  Product eligibility

Not all products are eligible for virtual tracking and Amazon updates product
eligibility periodically to ensure that we provide the best service for
customers and sellers.

For a product to qualify for using manufacturer barcodes, it must meet all of
the following requirements:

  * Be in new condition
  * Have a single, scannable UPC, EAN, or ISBN barcode matching a single ASIN in the Amazon catalog 
  * Not be an FBA [restricted product](/gp/help/200140860) or a [dangerous good](/gp/help/G201003400)* 
  * Not be an [expiration-dated product](/gp/help/G201003420)* 
  * Not be a consumable or topical product (such as grocery items, skin creams, cosmetics, or soaps)*
  * Not be a media product (such as books, CDs, VHS tapes, or DVDs)* 
  * Not be a product related to children or infants (such as toys or baby clothes)* 

**Note:** You may be able to get an exemption to use the manufacturer barcode
for items identified by asterisk(*) by applying with [Amazon Brand
Registry](/gp/help/G202130410) and enrolling your ASIN in the program.

Amazon updates product eligibility from time to time to ensure that we provide
the best service for customers and sellers. If your product is not eligible
for virtual tracking, an Amazon barcode is required in place of the
manufacturer barcode. You can print Amazon barcodes and apply them to your
products yourself, or you can have Amazon print and apply them for a per-item
fee. For more information, go to Use and Amazon barcode to track inventory and
FBA Label Service.

If products that are not eligible for virtual tracking are sent to fulfillment
centers with only the manufacturer barcode, Amazon may charge an unplanned-
service fee for applying an Amazon barcode. For more information, go to
[Unplanned services](/gp/help/G201000230).

**Important:** For a product to be eligible for virtual tracking, it must have
a scannable product identifier. To learn more, go to [Listing requirements:
Product IDs (GTINs)](/gp/help/200317470). If you don’t have a valid UPC on
your product, you can apply for a [GS1](http://www.gs1.org/) standard UPC
barcode. You can print barcodes directly on the product packaging and avoid
additional labeling.

**Note:** Products enrolled in the
[Transparency](https://brandservices.amazon.com/transparency) program are
eligible for virtual tracking, except for products in the Toys & Games and
Baby Products categories, dangerous goods, and expiration-dated products. The
categories eligible for Transparency may be subject to change by Amazon. To
learn more, go to [Transparency serial number barcode
requirements](/gp/help/G202008510).

## Change your barcode preferences

You can change your preference at any time (section A). You also can change
your barcode preference for new FBA offers that you create (section B).

The default account level setting is for the manufacturer barcode, but you can
change your preference at any time (section A). You also can change your
barcode preference for new FBA offers that you create (section B) or your
existing offers (section C).

## Change the barcode preference for your account

There are two options under barcode preference:

  * **Manufacturer barcode** : If you choose this as your preference, all eligible offers that you create thereafter will have the default option to be sent in with the manufacturer barcode and participate in virtual tracking.
  * **Amazon barcode** : If you choose this as your preference, all the offers that you create thereafter will display the Amazon barcode as the default option and require you to place an additional label on individual units. Units labeled with an Amazon barcode will not participate in virtual tracking.

To change your account barcode preference, follow these steps:  

  1. Go to [Fulfillment by Amazon settings](/gp/ssof/configuration/index.html/ref). 
  2. Scroll down to **FBA product barcode preference** and click **Edit**. 
  3. Select **Manufacturer barcode** or **Amazon barcode** , then click **Update**.

It will take about 24 hours for the new preference to take effect, and it will
apply only to new offers. You cannot change the barcode preference for
existing offers or for shipments that have already been created.

To use the new barcode preference, you must create a new offer or change the
barcode setting for each existing offer, and then it will be in effect for new
shipments.

## Change the barcode preference for your new offers

When you create a new offer, you may have the option to select your barcode
preference. For all new offers that are eligible for virtual tracking, you
will have the option to use either the manufacturer barcode or an Amazon
barcode. If your new offer is not eligible for virtual tracking, only the
Amazon barcode option will be available.

If you choose to send the eligible inventory with the manufacturer barcode,
you won’t be prompted to place additional labels on each individual unit. To
learn more, go to [Create a new listing that uses virtual
tracking](/gp/help/GCKCNHZRCF7SNQZR).

**Note:** When you change a listing from **Fulfilled by Merchant** to
**Fulfilled by Amazon** , you will also be able to select your barcode
preference.

## How to switch from using Amazon barcodes to virtual tracking

You can **switch your preference from using Amazon barcodes for existing
product listings to use manufacturer barcodes** for products that are eligible
to use manufacturer barcode. To learn more, go to [How to switch from using
Amazon barcodes to virtual tracking](/help/hub/reference/GGU374R3WCTMFK8L).

##  Opt out of manufacturer barcode virtual tracking

If you don’t want to use manufacturer barcode for virtual tracking any longer,
you can change your preferences to use an Amazon barcode by following the
instructions above. You would then be required to print Amazon barcodes from
your seller account and apply them on the products yourself, or have Amazon
print and apply them for a per-item fee. For more information, go to [FBA
Label Service](/gp/help/G200483750).

## More resources

## Videos

  * [Your first FBA shipment: Labeling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEuvmcK5N0M)
  * [Inventory labeling requirements](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPUJvKCi1Xg)
  * [Label products for fulfillment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GK5Yo4Se5o&feature=youtu.be)

## Help pages

  * [FBA product barcode requirements](/gp/help/G201100910)
  * [Expiration dates on FBA products](/gp/help/G201003420)
  * [Dangerous goods identification guide (hazmat)](/gp/help/G201003400)
  * [Use an Amazon barcode to track inventory](/gp/help/G200141490)
  * [Change to Amazon barcode by creating a new product offer ](/gp/help/G9P8W8RZ96JFHVZH)

